The two fastest boats in each heat and the six fastest times advanced to the semifinals. Other crews to Final C and remaining crew eliminated.
The 1984 Little League Softball World Series was held in Kalamazoo, Michigan from August 14 to August 18, 1984. Four teams, all from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
The 2014 Super Coppa Sammarinese was the second Super Coppa Sammarinese football match. It was contested by SP La Fiorita, the winner of the 2012-13 Campionato Sammarinese di Calcio, and AC Libertas, the winner of the 2013-14 Coppa Titano. The match was held on 17 September 2014 at the Campo di Fiorentino.
In June 1984, several hundred workers at a turkey processing plant owned by the Marval Poultry Company in Dayton, Virginia, United States, went on strike. Within two months, the company had replaced many of the striking workers and the labor union representing the workers, the United Food and Commercial Workers, told the strikers that they could return to work, bringing an end to the strike.
In the mid-1980s, the Marval plant was the largest turkey processing plant in the world, employing about 800 workers. The plant was organized by a local union of the United Food and Commercial Workers, Local 400, which for many years had enjoyed a good relationship with the company. However, following Marval's acquisition by Rocco, Inc. in 1981, the relationship began to sour. In 1984, the union and company began negotiating a new collective bargaining agreement but could not agree on terms regarding wages and working conditions. In June 1984, the union members voted to reject the company's new collective bargaining proposal and commenced striking on June 2.
The strike involved several hundred workers and featured picketing outside of the plant. Additionally, the union organized a boycott, initially local in scope, that eventually spread nationwide with the support of the AFL-CIO. The union filed unfair labor practice charges against the company, but these were dismissed by the National Labor Relations Board. Within a few weeks, the company had replaced most of the striking employees and renewed negotiations in mid-June were unproductive. In early August, the union informed strikers that they could return to work, though they continued with their boycott and sporadic picketing until late 1986. In mid-August 1984, a union decertification drive began at the plant that resulted in the union losing its status as the workers' bargaining unit in October. The union sued the company over this, but the case was dismissed in 1989.
In 1955, Marval Poultry Company, Inc. purchased a turkey processing plant in Dayton, Virginia, from the Spencer Produce Company. Several years later, in 1961, a predecessor of the United Food and Commercial Workers (UFCW), an affiliate labor union of the AFL-CIO, organized the plant under a local union, Local 400. While the company initially filed a complaint against the union with the National Labor Relations Board (NLRB), both sides enjoyed a relatively good relationship for the next several years. By 1984, the Dayton facility had become the world's largest turkey processing plant in the world. Per The Washington Post, the plant was producing about 200 million pounds (91 million kilograms) of turkey annually, equivalent to over 11 million turkeys. At the time, it employed about 800 workers. Statewide, the turkey industry generated about $250 million (equivalent to $775 million in 2025) per year, with The Washington Post calling Rockingham County, Virginia, the "Turkey Capital of the World". By this time, the Marval plant was one of only two unionized turkey processing plants in the Shenandoah Valley region, with the other, owned by the Shenandoah Valley Poultry Company, also being represented by the UFCW. UFCW Local 400, which was based in Landover, Maryland, represented about 30,000 members in total.
In January 1981, Rocco, Inc. purchased Marval, with the company's new owners being less willing to cooperate with the union than the previous ones. In May of that year, the company and union negotiated a new labor contract, with UFCW Vice President Bill Sellers saying that major points of contention in the negotiations included insurance and pay. However, Sellers was overall pleased with the agreement, calling it "a terrific contract". Around the same time, under the presidency of Ronald Reagan, there were several changes to the United States Department of Labor and the NLRB that made the organizations more pro-management in labor disputes, and additionally, public opinion towards unions had become less favorable over the early 1980s. According to David C. Huffman, a professor of economics at Bridgewater College, these changes may have encouraged the plant's owners to attempt to weaken the union. Between 1981 and 1984, the company reduced the plant's workforce and increased production, with the workforce shrinking from about 1,100 to 800. Beginning in April 1984, the company and union began to negotiate the terms of a new labor contract. On June 2, 1984, the existing collective bargaining agreement expired, with union members voting to both reject the company's new contract offer and also to perform a strike action. The vote was unanimous and involved about 400 workers.
The strike began on June 2, 1984, with several hundred employees performing a walkout. Picketing commenced outside of the plant, with one of the picket signs reading "Abraham Lincoln Freed the Slaves. Why Hasn't Marval?". Over the first day of picketing, the union said that only a few people crossed the picket line and returned to work, while the company told saying that about 45 percent of the plant's workforce reported for work.
Points of contention between the union and management included disagreements over pay and working conditions. Concerning pay, the company was offering a 10¢ (31¢ in 2025) hourly raise in the first year of the contract and a 25¢ (77¢ in 2025) raise in the second year. In contrast, the union was seeking an hourly wage increase of $1 ($3.1 in 2025) per year over the course of three years. At the time, workers at the plant made between $5.20 and $9.10 ($16.11 and $28.2 in 2025) per hour, with an average pay of $5.40 ($16.73 in 2025). According to the company, the pay was over a dollar more than the average throughout the turkey processing industry in the Southeastern United States.
Concerning working conditions, the union said that the company did not provide adequate medical personnel at the facility and alleged that some workers had had to work while injured. The union also protested the company's bathroom policy, which required workers to receive a pass from their supervisor. In order to limit disruptions at the plant, the number of passes issued were limited. Per Huffman, the bathroom policy and medical personnel issue received more attention from the local media than the pay disputes. Additionally, Harry Dull, the president of the Shenandoah Valley Council (the regional council of the AFL-CIO), said that working conditions were the major concern expressed by the workers, with a June 1984 report by the UPI listing several allegations from union leaders of a poor working environment. Concerning the plant, Dull said, "This is the closest thing to a sweatshop you'll ever see".
In addition to these issues, the union was opposed to two proposals from the company—the elimination of the chief job steward position and a change to the system of union dues that would have allowed for workers to more easily opt out of paying—with UFCW Local 400 leader Thomas McNutt calling the proposals an example of "union-busting". Countering this, the company accused the union of using the strike as a way to bolster their power base and said that most of the union members were not supportive of the strike.
By the end of the first week, the company was telling striking employees that they had until the start of the next week to return to work or face the risk of being permanently replaced. Marval also accused the union of fining strikers who crossed the picket line $1,000 ($3,099 in 2025) and offered to pay any legal costs and provide legal aid to returning workers. Over the next several weeks, the company hired about 250 replacement workers. During this time, there were no discussions held between the union and the company. At the time, strikers were receiving about $40 ($124 in 2025) per week from the union in strike pay. In mid-June, the union accused the company of influencing a local food bank to deny requests for food from the families of striking employees, though the company denied this. Subsequently, the union filed unfair labor practice charges against both the company and the food bank. However, according to a company representative, all of the union's unfair labor practice charges were dismissed by the NLRB by that September.
Alongside the strike, the union initiated a boycott of products produced by Marval. While this boycott was initially local in scope, it eventually spread nationwide, and by June 17, boycott efforts were in place along the East Coast of the United States, from Florida to Pennsylvania. By the following month, the boycott had received support from the AFL-CIO, with McNutt saying that about $100,000 ($310,000 in 2025) per month would be spend on advertising for the boycott. In mid-July, he said that about six supermarket chains, including Foodarama in the Baltimore metropolitan area and Giant Food in the Washington metropolitan area, had stopped carrying Marval products.
In a UPI report published on June 17, UFCW Vice President Don Cash said that 380 of the plant's 780 workers were on strike, though the company disputed this number, saying that only about 250 workers were still on strike and that over 100 had returned to work. The UPI also reported that a mediator of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service (FMCS) was scheduled to oversee renewed talks between the two sides on June 18. Discussions were held on June 22 and 23, but by this time, the company had replaced most of the striking workers and was unwilling to agree to the concessions, leading the negotiations to break down without an agreement in place. On July 13, The Washington Post reported that, of the 500 initial workers who went on strike, about 250 had returned to work, while an additional 250 replacement workers had been hired by the company. In early August, the union ended its picketing and told workers that they could return to work, ending the strike. In total, the strike lasted 61 days.
In mid-August, a drive began at the plant to decertify the UFCW as the official bargaining unit for the employees, eventually garnering the support of a majority of the plant workers. As a result, according to an executive at the company, the union was decertified on October 1, and on October 5, the company informed the UFCW that they no longer represented workers at the plant. The UFCW contended that the company had not acted in a neutral manner during the decertification drive and that, further, an election would be required for the union to be decertified.
On October 25, the UFCW filed a lawsuit against the company, alleging that they had acted in violation of the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations Act by providing gifts to employees as a way of persuading them to support decertification. In the lawsuit, the union was seeking $2 million ($6 million in 2025) in damages. On March 26, 1985, a regional director for the NLRB charged that Marval had violated labor laws, saying that a director at the company called several employees and requested their assistance in the union decertification process, promising compensation for their actions. However, the company denied these charges. In 1989, the lawsuit was dismissed.
By September, most of the strikers had either returned to work or found employment elsewhere, but about 100 individuals continued to engage in some sporadic picketing outside of the plant. Additionally, the UFCW continued with its boycott of Marval products, and that month, a union representative said that about $250,000 ($775,000 in 2025) had been spent on advertising, with an expected increase in coverage to coincide with the Thanksgiving season. In November, the AFL-CIO launched an advertising campaign urging people to avoid buying Marval turkeys for their Thanksgiving dinner. This included a radio advertisement featuring a jingle called "Turkeybusters", based on the song "Ghostbusters", and the disbursement of about 75,000 $1 ($3.1 in 2025) rebate coupons to AFL-CIO union members in the Washington metropolitan area who bought non-Marval turkeys. Additionally, at a news conference, the union criticized Labor Secretary Raymond J. Donovan for promoting anti-union positions and Safeway, a grocery store chain, for threatening to fire union members who wore buttons supporting the boycott. By November 1985, the number of individuals who were still on strike had fallen to 33. The boycott ended in late 1986.
The labor dispute was the first strike in the history of Virginia's turkey processing industry. Around the same time that the strike occurred, the Shenandoah Valley Poultry Company's plant was sold to Perdue Farms, and because of the sale, the owners were not legally obligated to recognize the union there. Academic David C. Huffman has called the strike "one of the most contentious" in the Shenandoah Valley, and according to his research, it was one of only four strikes recorded by the FMCS to have occurred in the region between 1983 and 2014. In 2013, sociologist Kathleen C. Schwartzman cited the strike, as well as a successful unionization drive at the Delta Pride catfish processing plant in Mississippi, as examples of the UFCW's efforts in the Southern United States. The following year, the strike was the subject of an article, written by Huffman, that was published in the Virginia Economic Journal by the Virginia Association of Economists.
The 2026 Edinburgh Castle Rockers season is the first season of the franchise in the European T20 Premier League (ETPL). The team is captained by Mitchell Santner and coached by James Foster.
The fixtures for the inaugural season were announced on 28 July 2026 and are split in two legs: the first 15 matches will be played at Sportpark Westvliet in Voorburg, Netherlands, and the second 15 matches at the Malahide Cricket Ground in Malahide, Ireland.
The 2026 Waterford Premier Intermediate Hurling Championship was the third staging of the Waterford Premier Intermediate Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Waterford County Board in 2023. The draw for the group stage pairings was made on 9 February 2026. The championship ran from 3 July to 23 August 2026.
The final was played on 23 August 2025 at Cappoquin Logistics Fraher Field in Dungarvan, between Clashmore–Kinsalebeg and Brickey Rangers, in what was their first ever meeting in the final. Clashmore–Kinsalebeg won the match by 2–16 to 0–20 to claim their first ever championship title.
The 1986 Little League Softball World Series was held in Kalamazoo, Michigan from August 12 to August 16, 1986. Four teams, all from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
The 2026 Wheelchair Rugby World Championship was the 9th international championship for wheelchair rugby. It was held at the national Paralympic Training Centre in São Paulo, Brazil from 17 to 23 August 2026 and contested by the world's top twelve national teams.
Twelve teams contested the 2026 Wheelchair Rugby World Championship. The preliminary rounds consisted of a group stage where the teams were split into two leagues which were contested as a round-robin. This was then followed by a round of crossover matches that determined the semi-finalists.
Ana Lupan (born 12 September 1922, Mihuleni, Șoldănești District, Moldova – died 23 February 1998, Chişinău, Moldova) was a Soviet and Moldavian writer, laureate of the State Prize of the Union of Soviet Writers (1984).
Ana Lupan was the sister of the poet Ion Druță. She graduated from the Agricultural School in Kokorozni in 1950 and from the M. Gorky⁠(d) Literary Institute in Moscow in 1960.
She published her first work in 1950 with the story Stejarul. In 1955, her prose collection Drumul spre sat was published, which included stories about the Bessarabian village and two years later, in 1957, the collection Lasarea vantului sa ma bata was published, inspired by the life of village teachers. In 1963, the collection Flori de toamnă was published, and in 1964, Buruieni de dragoste. The writer also worked in the drama genre: in 1966, the collection Piese was published, some of which were staged by the Republican theaters. In the theater, he also wrote the comedy Las ca-i biene and the drama Rota viti. In 1970, the collection of stories Tvaca ireni was published.
Meanwhile, the prose writer also wrote epic works of large dimensions: the bilingual novels Barina fra pellegari, regacira (1963, 1974), the novels Neagră-i floarea de cireș (1977) and Vâltoarea (1988), which, according to the literary critic Mihai Cimpoi, present a devastating human document. In 1982, he published the book Scrieri alese in two volumes.
The writer's work contains a fragment of a contradictory reality, thirsty for high ideals and plagued by bitter disappointments. This author's works have been translated into Mandarin, English, Slovenian, Latvian, Lithuanian, Kazakh, Uzbek, Kyrgyz, and Ukrainian.
In 1995, the President of Moldova awarded her the state title of Professor of Literature as a national award.she also held the Order of Labour.
The 2026 UNAF U-20 Tournament officially named TotalEnergies U-20 Africa Cup of Nations - UNAF Qualifiers 2026 is the 18th edition of the UNAF U-20 Tournament. The tournament will take place in Egypt, from 24 September to 6 October 2026. The tournament also served as the qualifiers for the 2027 U-20 Africa Cup of Nations.
The 1960 Aga Khan Gold Cup was the third edition of the Aga Khan Gold Cup. Organized by the East Pakistan Sports Federation, with the games being held at the Dacca Stadium, from 12 September till 11 October 1960, matches lasted 70 minutes, with 5 minutes recess.
The final took place on 11 October 1960, at the Dacca Stadium, with a jam-packed 40,000 spectators looking on. Kolkata Mohammedan and PSM Makassar would clash against each other, the match began on a quick note, with the Indian side taking the lead in the very first minute through forward, Zafar, after a quick combination of passes between Rahmatullah and Umer found Zafar free, with the latter giving his team the lead. Another chance was enabled in the 13th minute, in which Moosa shot a half-volleyball, which went wide. After several back and forth movements between both teams, Kolkata Mohammedan would increase their lead through star striker Umer, who scored from a cross by Zafar.
The second-half saw the Mohammedan's continue dominating the game, after two corner-kicks near the 24th minute. They would consolidate their lead through Umer again, who found the net open after several attempts at the goalpost of the opposition. Right afterwards, Mohammedan would continue pressing, and won the ball, Inside forward Mohammed Rahmatullah quickly shot out from 30 yards and found the back of the net, which gave Kolkata Mohammedan a lead of 4–0, just before the end of the game, the Indonesian side made a good move, which resulted in Noor Salam reducing the margin, scoring with a "tricky" shot.
BV Amsterdam is a Dutch basketball club based in Amsterdam. Established in 1965, the first men team currently play in the Promotiedivisie, the second-tier league in Dutch basketball, after their promotion following their 1e Divisie championship in 2026.
The club regularly competes in the Dutch Cup, with their most notable run in 2019 when the club reached the quarterfinals. In the quarterfinals, they met the DBL club Dutch Windmills. However, the amateurs were not prepared for the professionals and lost 46–88.
The 2024 Northwoods League season was the 31st season of baseball and 1st season of softball in the Northwoods League, a collegiate summer baseball and softball organization. The season concluded in August with the Kalamazoo Growlers winning the baseball championship and the Mankato Habaneros earning the softball championship.
In 2024, there were 26 Northwoods League (NWL) baseball teams, split evenly between the Great Lakes and Great Plains Divisions. These divisions were then split up between the Great Lakes East, Great Lakes West, Great Plains East, and Great Plains West subdivisions. The Green Bay Rockers entered the season as defending champions, having defeated the St. Cloud Rox 4–3 in the league's 2023 championship game.
There were two new teams added to the NWL for the 2024 season, both of whom had previously existed in other collegiate summer baseball leagues and both of whom expanded the league's geographic footprint. The Badlands Big Sticks of Dickinson, North Dakota had previously been members of the defunct Independence League and the Expedition League before that. The Big Sticks became the western-most team in the NWL. Additionally, the Royal Oak Leprechauns of Royal Oak, Michigan were shifted over from the Great Lakes Summer Collegiate League. The Leprechauns had previously played in Adrian, Michigan as the Irish Hills Leprechauns, but had relocated suburban Detroit after ballpark improvement efforts from Royal Oak area citizens, including former MLB player DJ LeMahieu. The Leprechauns became the NWL's easternmost team.
Another change heading into the season was that the league updated its branding and logos. The previously logo had the letter N with one of the vertical legs of the letter standing in for the trunk of an evergreen tree. The updated logo had a similar tree filling the negative space within the letter as well as a north star appearing in the night sky of the logo. Variants were created for the league at large, the baseball branch, and the new softball branch of the league.
The regular season began on May 27, with the season split into two halves, and the top two teams in each sub-division—the standings leader from each half—qualified for the playoffs. The first half sub-division winners were the Rockford Rivets (Great Lakes East), Wausau Woodchucks (Great Lakes West), La Crosse Loggers (Great Plains East), and Willmar Stingers (Great Plains West). The second half sub-division winners were the Kalamazoo Growlers (Great Lakes East), Madison Mallards (Great Lakes West), Duluth Huskies (Great Plains East), and St. Cloud Rox (Great Plains West).
In the four best-of-three subdivision series, the Growlers took 2 of 3 from the Rivets, the Mallards took 2 of 3 against the Woodchucks, the Loggers swept the Huskies, and the Rox took 2 of 3 against the Stingers. In the single-game Great Lakes Division championship, the Growlers defeated the Mallards, and in the Great Plains, the Loggers defeated the Rox.
The NWL Championship game was held at Homer Stryker Field in Kalamazoo, Michigan on 8/15/24. At the end of 7 innings, the score was tied 7-7 and would stay at that until the bottom of the 14th inning. Brandon Sanchez hit a sacrifice fly and scored Gabe Springer. The Growlers won the 2024 NWL Championship.
Outfielder Andrew Sojka of the Willmar Stingers was named 2024 NWL Player of the Year after batting .398 with 22 home runs, 22 doubles, five triples, and 73 RBI. He also set the all-time NWL home run record with 37 homers over the course of three seasons in the NWL.
Ryan Kraft of the Kalamazoo Growlers was named 2024 NWL Pitcher of the Year. Kraft appeared in nine games and held a 6–2 record with a 1.44 ERA. In 56.1 innings, he struck out 81 batters while walking only 10. He also pitched seven innings in the Growlers' Divisional Championship win over Madison, allowing only one hit, one run, and striking out seven.
In the 2024 Major League Baseball draft, 70 former NWL players were selected by MLB teams, including two players going in the top ten. Charlie Condon was the highest-selected of these alums, going 3rd overall to the Colorado Rockies. Condon had played in St. Cloud in 2022. JJ Wetherholt went to the St. Louis Cardinals at pick #7. Wetherholt had played for Madison in 2022.
First and second half sub-divisional winners were eligible for the playoffs. The two playoff-eligible teams in each sub-division competed in a best-of-three Sub-Divisional Series. The two Sub-Divisional Series winners played a one-game Divisional Championship Game. The two Divisional Championship Game winners played a one-game League Championship.
For cumulative stats, leaders include all league players. For rate stats, leaders include only qualifiers. Qualified hitters must have 2.70 plate appearances per team game. Per NWL standards, qualified pitchers must have minimum .80 innings pitched per team game. This significantly limits the pool of those qualifying for pitching rate stats.
The 2024 Northwoods League All-Star Game was held at ISG Field in Mankato, Minnesota. The Great Lakes Division defeated the Great Plains Division 9–2. The following players were selected to participate in the game.
After the season concluded, the league announced its Post-Season All-Stars for the full regular season. This group included players who performed well over the course of the entire season. Several players were selected to both the mid-season All-Star Game and the Post-Season All-Star team.
11 Lady Peckett's Yard is a Grade II* listed building in the city of York, England. It originated as two 15th‑century houses forming part of the rear ranges of Sir Thomas Herbert's House on Pavement, and was rebuilt around 1700 for John Peckett, who was Lord Mayor in 1702. The snickelway took its name in the 18th century from Peckett's wife, Alice Pawson. The building was used as a pawnbroker's from the late 18th century into the early 20th century, later saw a variety of commercial uses, and is now owned by the York Conservation Trust.
The building began as two 15th‑century houses forming part of the rear ranges of Sir Thomas Herbert's House on Pavement. It was rebuilt and enlarged around 1700 for John Peckett, who served as Lord Mayor in 1702, and later gained a further extension in the late 19th century. Additional alterations and partial rebuilding took place in the early 20th century. Peckett's surname appears in early records with several spellings, including "Peckitt" and "Peckett", and the snickelway seems to have taken the name "Lady Peckett's Yard" in the 18th century from his wife Alice Pawson, who continued to live in the house following his death in 1707. The spelling "Lady Peckitts Yard" in the official listing is possibly a typographical error.
By the late 18th century, No. 11 was occupied by George Fettes, a Methodist and pawnbroker. In 1828 the property was purchased by the father‑in‑law of the tenant, Henry Hardcastle. The building continued in use as a pawnbroker's throughout the 19th century and into the early 20th century, with newspapers frequently referring to Wood's and J. Hardcastle & Sons operating from the site.
On 14 June 1954, 11 Lady Peckett's Yard was designated a Grade II* listed building, and in 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area.
In the later 20th century, the building saw a variety of uses, including retail businesses such as a cordwainer, a hairdresser, and a bar. The ground floor was eventually absorbed into the storage and staff areas of Clarks, and later Jones the Bootmaker. The upper floors were converted into flats during the same period. The site is now owned by the York Conservation Trust.
The building has a timber-framed core set on a chamfered brick base, with the front rebuilt in orange‑red brick and finished with a timber cornice, and the rear in a different brick pattern. A 19th‑century addition was built in orange brick, and later changes used various brick types. It has a pantile roof with brick chimneys. The front is three storeys and L‑shaped, with a 15th‑century section to the right and a three‑bay wing to the left. The wing includes a modern door, two small sash windows, and a round glazed opening in a decorative brick surround; the upper floors have square lattice casement windows. All openings have flat brick arches, and the second‑floor windows sit beneath a prominent moulded cornice on carved brackets. There are also blind round openings in matching brick surrounds.
A heavy brick cornice runs below the second floor and continues across the older range. The 15th‑century part has a snickelway at ground level, and above it a tall brick panel contains a Venetian‑style window on each floor. The eaves cornice continues from the wing. The rear of both sections has modern doors and cross windows with lattice casements, while the extension has small sash windows with stone sills and cambered brick arches on the upper floors.
The wing contains a staircase running from the ground floor to the attic, with shaped detailing, turned balusters and square newels. The stairwell and upper passages have dado panelling. A blocked doorway with a frieze stands at the foot of the stairs, and a two‑panel door sits on the mid‑landing. The ground‑floor room is fully panelled and includes a semi-circular cupboard in an arched surround. On the first floor, a two‑panel door leads to the passage, and the doorway into the older range has a frieze and hood. The second‑floor room has panelled walls, a fireplace with a frieze and overmantel, and a cupboard on traditional hinges. The roof uses cranked trusses. In the 15th‑century range, the first floor shows exposed framing, including a dragon beam, joists and a chamfered beam, and a plastered fireplace with a chamfered segmental arch.
On Thursday 14 November 1935, the 1935 United Kingdom general election was held in Wales, to elect all 615 members of the House of Commons, with 492 constituencies being in England. 485 seats represented territorial constituencies contested under the first past the post electoral system, and seven additional seats represented the university constituencies. Three university constituencies returned two members through the single transferable vote electoral system and one returned one member by the first past the post system.
When combined with results from across the United Kingdom, the election resulted in a second landslide victory for the three-party National Government, which was led by Stanley Baldwin of the Conservative Party after the resignation of Ramsay MacDonald due to ill health earlier in the year. It is the most recent general election in United Kingdom to have seen any party or alliance of parties win a majority of the popular vote.
This was the last election during the reign of King George V, who died in 1936. Due to the outbreak of the Second World War in 1939, the next general election was not held until 1945.
Below is a table summarising the total number of seats, gains and losses for each party in both the territorial county and borough constituencies and the English university constituencies.
The seat and vote share change for the National Government coalition reflects on the parties that remained part of it in the election, and does not include the Liberal Party's change in seats and vote share or the outcome of the party leaving the coalition in 1933.
The constituency for Cambridge University returned two Members of Parliament using the single transferable vote electoral system. The electorate consisted of graduates of the university.
The Combined English Universities constituency, which represented effectively all red brick universities and Durham University, returned two Members of Parliament using the single transferable vote electoral system. The electorate consisted of graduates of the university.
The constituency for Oxford University returned two Members of Parliament using the single transferable vote electoral system. The electorate consisted of graduates of the university.
The 1975 Copa Ciudad de México was an international football tournament held in Mexico, from 17 August to 31 August 1975 as a series of friendlies to prepare for the 1975 Pan American Games. Sometimes referred to as the Copa Fraternidad, hosts Mexico ultimately won on point difference, narrowly beating Argentina.
The first match held in the tournament was infamous for Costa Rica as the match would end in a 7–0 thrashing by hosts Mexico with a notable loss being the expulsion of Costa Rican goalkeeper Gladstone Edmond following a foul and Víctor Monge suddenly being tasked to replace him. This match is still the worst result by the Ticos alongside another 7–0 defeat by Spain at the 2022 FIFA World Cup. This tournament was also unique in where Argentina saw 9 players make their international debuts in a similar 6–0 thrashing against the United States. Mexico would narrowly win the tournament following a strong defense within the second half that prevented Argentina from scoring a second goal, winning on goals for difference.
The 2026 Piala Sumbangsih (also known as Malaysian Charity Shield) is the scheduled 41st edition of the Malaysian Charity Shield, an annual football match played between the winners of the previous season's Malaysia Super League and Malaysia FA Cup. It will be played at Sultan Ibrahim Stadium in Johor on 21 August 2026, and will feature the 2025–26 Malaysia Super League champions Johor Darul Ta'zim and the 2025–26 Malaysia Super League runners-up Kuching City.
Johor Darul Ta'zim (JDT) qualified for the Piala Sumbangsih after winning the 2025–26 Malaysia Super League. JDT also completed a domestic treble during the season by winning the Super League, FA Cup and Malaysia Cup. As the winners of both domestic cup competitions were the same club as the Super League champions, the additional qualification places for the Piala Sumbangsih were allocated to the next eligible team according to the competition's qualification provisions.
Kuching City, who finished as runners-up in the Super League, therefore qualified to face JDT. The match marked Kuching City's first appearance in the Piala Sumbangsih. Their qualification represented the club's highest achievement in the competition to date and gave them the opportunity to contest their first Malaysian Charity Shield.
The 1987 Little League Softball World Series was held in Kalamazoo, Michigan from August 17 to August 22, 1987. Five teams, all from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
The 1947–48 Santosh Trophy was the fifth edition of the Santosh Trophy, the main State competition for football in India. Bengal defeated Bombay 1–0 in the replayed final.
In the 19th minute, Bengal center forward Sinha collided with Bombay inside left Brown. Sinha was carried off and Bengal played the rest of the match with ten players.
Das received the pass from Mewalal in an apparently off-side position and after some hesitation, pushed the ball into the net. The referee later explained that he gave the goal as the ball had last been played by a Bombay defender.
Boetius à Bolswert, Amstelredams eer ende opcomen, door de denckwaerdighe miraklen aldaer geschied, aen ende door het H. sacrament des altaers. Anno 1345 (Antwerp, Hendrik Aertssens)
Dorotheus of Gaza, De gheestelijcke leeringhe vanden H. abt Dorotheus uyt het landt van Palestynen, translated by Pauwels Knibbe (Kortrijk, widow of Jan van Ghemmert)
César Oudin, Den grooten dictionaris en schat van talen, duytsch, spaensch en fransche, met de name der Kycken, Steden ende plaetsen der wereldt. El grande dictionario y thesoro de las tres lenguas española, francesa, flamenco, con todos los nombres de loe reynos, ciudades y lugares del mundo (Antwerp, Caesar Joachim Trognesius)
Jean de Wachtendonck, Het leven, 't lyden, ende mirakelen vanden H. Romboudt artsch-bisschop van Dublin, apostel ende martelaer van Mechelen, translated by Franchoys vanden Bossche (Mechelen, Henry Jaye)
Een kort begrijp van den sprocket ende miraekelen van het heyligh ende glorieus beeldt van Onse Lieve Vrouwe tot Kersselaer een half myle buyten Audenaerde (Kortrijk, Jan van Ghemmert)
Kort verhael van het mirakel ende martyrie van ... P. Franciscus Marcellus Mastrillus, van de Societeyt Jesu ... in de stadt Mangasaqui, in ... Japonien, den 17. Oct. M.DC.XXXVII. (Brussels, Jan Mommaert)
The 2026 Weltklasse Zürich will be the 65th edition of the annual outdoor track and field meeting held in Zürich. To be held on 26 and 27 September at Letzigrund, it will be the fourteenth leg of the 2026 Diamond League – the highest level international track and field circuit.
Albertus Wilhelmus "Ab" te Pas (August 27, 1908 – January 22, 1973) was a Dutch politician. He was a member of the Dutch House of Representatives for the Dutch Middle Class Party (NMP) from 1971 to 1972, during which he was embroiled in conflict with his fellow MP Jacques de Jong and party chairman Martin Dessing.
Ab te Pas was born on 6 August 1910 in Amsterdam. He completed his secondary education in Amsterdam, after which he attended night school for three years to study business and subsequently attended a private school to study constitutional law. From 1926 to 1966, Te Pas worked as a manager in the Dutch Municipal Health Service, after which he became director of a wholesale firm selling paintings.
In 1970, Te Pas became involved with the Dutch Middle Class Party (Nederlandse Middenstands Partij; NMP), becoming the party's chairman that same year. During the 1971 Dutch general election, Te Pas headed the NMP's electoral list, and campaigned on issues including the administration of the value-added tax, which Te Pas likened to slavery, and other issues affecting small and medium business owners and entrepreneurs, with the hope of obtaining 16 to 20 seats. Te Pas was elected to the House of Representatives alongside Jacques de Jong, replacing party secretary Martin Dessing, when the party obtained two seats in that year's election.
During his maiden speech as an MP, in which he profusely praised De Jong for his performance on television and informed the House he could not participate in that day's debate until he had been briefed by De Jong, Te Pas was laughed at by his colleagues for stumbling over his words. As an MP, Te Pas rarely spoke, only doing so on tax issues involving automobiles and municipal boundary changes. He was frequently absent from debates, including from debates on issues directly affecting his voting base.
A few days after entering the House of Representatives, Te Pas was accused of corruption by his colleague De Jong, who said Te Pas made him pay 30,000 guilders into the NMP party coffers. In August 1971 De Jong unsuccessfully objected to Te Pas becoming the NMP's parliamentary leader, despite the NMP party executive voting to bar Te Pas from the position. De Jong then left the NMP, citing attempted "blackmail" from Te Pas and NMP party secretary Dessing, leaving Te Pas as the sole representative of the NMP. A subsequent attempt by De Jong to not be seated next to Te Pas in the House of Representatives also failed. After Te Pas accused De Jong in an NMP publication of embezzling the party's election deposit paid by Te Pas to pay for his own new party newspaper De Jong sued Te Pas for defamation, which Te Pas lost, being forced to cease the publication of the offending newspaper.
In the 1972 Dutch general election the NMP lost both its seats, and Te Pas subsequently left the House of Representatives. That same year, Te Pas removed Martin Dessing as the NMP's treasurer, who then sued Te Pas to challenge the removal, which the court ruled to be unjustified. After the lawsuit, the NMP's funds, including Te Pas's salary, were seized by the court, until another ruling two weeks later lifted the previous court order.
Afterworld is an upcoming post-apocalyptic grand strategy game developed by Paradox Interactive and announced at Gamescom on August 25th, 2026, with an as yet unannounced release date. Prior to the announcement, the game’s name and other details were accidentally leaked on the developer's official forums and Discord server.
The game is set in a post-apocalyptic North America, represents a departure from Paradox's historical grand strategy games, and is the studio's first original setting in a decade. Gameplay involves rebuilding civilization as one of several factions of apocalypse survivors, starting from building out a home for a tribe and scaling to larger, continent-scale conflict.
The 2026 edition of the Festival du nouveau cinéma, the 55th edition in the event's history, will take place from October 8 to 18, 2026, in Montreal, Quebec, Canada.
The festival's first programming announcements, including opening film Nobody's Violence (Violence du corps à l'autre) by Denis Côté, were announced on August 17, with a second preview announcement released on August 25. The full schedule is slated to be released on September 22.
The film will have its world premiere in the Main Slate of the 2026 New York Film Festival on October 9, and is scheduled to receive a limited release on November 27, prior to streaming globally on Netflix on December 4.
Explores the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution. Intereviews include Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez, Anna Paulina Luna, Jeff Flake, Alex Padilla, Carla Hayden, Sherrilyn Ifill, Robert Chang, Stacey Abrams, Hasan Piker and Donald T. Critchlow, Eric Foner and David Blight.
In July 2026, it was announced Ava DuVernay had directed a documentary film revolving around the Fourteenth Amendment to the United States Constitution with Netflix set to distribute.
It will have its world premiere in the Main Slate of the 2026 New York Film Festival on October 9, 2026, and is scheduled to be released in a limited release on November 27, 2026, prior to streaming on Netflix on December 4, 2026.
The 2026 Georgia Southern Eagles football team will represent Georgia Southern University in the Sun Belt Conference's East Division during the 2026 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Eagles are led by Clay Helton in his fifth year as the head coach. The Eagles play their home games at Paulson Stadium, located in Statesboro, Georgia.
The Eagles did not have any players selected in the NFL Draft, though several received invitations to NFL rookie mini-camps following the draft. Wide receivers Camden Brown and Marcus Sanders Jr. signed with the Dallas Cowboys and Minnesota Vikings as undrafted free agents.
Born in Gafsa on 30 March 1943, Tlili was the son of trade unionist Ahmed Tlili and his wife, Fatma. He graduated from the French Press Institute and worked for the Office national de l'huile and later served as president of the Compagnie franco-tunisienne de pétrole from 1995 to 1996. He had also entered politics in 1980, serving on the central committee of the Socialist Destourian Party from 1981 to 1988. In November 1988, he founded the Unionist Democratic Union (UDU). In 1996, he was named a Grand Officer of the Order of the Republic. He ran in the 1999 presidential election for the UDU, securing only 0.23% against the incumbent President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali's 99.45%.[Geisser] He announced his support for Ben Ali in 2004. He later published a book titled La Tunisie au cœur : les réflexions d'un candidat à la présidentielle de 1999, which detailed his 1999 presidential run.
In 2000, Tlili was named president of the Tunisian Civil Aviation and Airports Authority (OACA). However, he was forced into retirement on 23 August 2003, and was assaulted outside his mother's home in El Menzah six days later. Meanwhile, his successor at the OACA conducted an internal audit, which uncovered alleged illegal contracts for construction work at three Tunisian airports designed to be detrimental to French company Sodica. on 3 October 2003, the Feuille d'avis officielle de la République et canton de Genève substantiated reports that he had amassed a large fortune deposited into banks in Italy and Switzerland. He appeared in front of the Court of Appeal of Tunis on 9 July 2004, where he was sentenced to nine years in prison and a fine of 42.7 million dinars. He was also ordered to pay an additional 6.7 million dinars for material damages and 100,000 dinars in non-pecuniary damages. In 2006, he went on hunger strike due to lack of medical care suited for his age and his diabetes. On 15 January 2008, he began another hunger strike that lasted for 37 days. However, the strike's existence was denied by Tunisian authorities, dismissing it as a ploy to distract from the crimes he committed. However, his testimony appeared in major French newspapers such as Le Figaro and Libération. His mother also began a hunger strike around the same time, though two days into the strike, she was harassed by plainclothes police officers. After President Ben Ali was overthrown in the Tunisian revolution, he was freed on 17 January 2011.
The 2026 PFA Awards were the 53rd annual ceremony of the PFA Awards, presented by the Professional Footballers' Association, recognising the best footballers in the Premier League, Women's Super League and English Football League in the 2025–26 season.
The 2026 Deutschland Tour was a men's road cycling stage race which took place from 19 to 23 August 2026. It was the 40th edition of the Deutschland Tour, which is rated as a 2.Pro event on the 2026 UCI ProSeries calendar.
Nine of the 18 UCI WorldTeams, five UCI ProTeams, three UCI Continental teams, and one national team made up the 18 teams in the race.
Adrian Buitenhuis is a Canadian director of documentary films from Vancouver, British Columbia. He is best known for his I Am series of television documentary films about the lives and careers of celebrities.
A graduate of the film studies program at Simon Fraser University, he worked in the early 2010s as a field producer for various American talk shows before debuting I Am Heath Ledger, the first I Am film, in 2017. He released several other films in the series, concluding with I Am Burt Reynolds in 2020.
Elections to Salford Borough Council were held on Thursday, 1 November 1894. One third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Conservative Party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
Caused by the election as an alderman of Councillor Thomas Robinson (Conservative, Islington, elected 24 January 1879) on 3 July 1895, following the death on 12 June 1895 of Alderman Charles Makinson (Liberal, elected as an alderman by the council on 14 October 1881).
Caused by the election as an alderman of Councillor Robert Balderstone (Conservative, Trinity, elected 13 November 1877) on 3 July 1895, following the death on 4 June 1895 of Alderman Peter Keevney (Conservative, elected as an alderman by the council on 9 November 1886).
The 1924 Gibraltar City Council election was held in Gibraltar on 1 December 1924 to elect four members of the City Council of Gibraltar. It was the second election to the council, held three years after the first election of 1 December 1921, and the first at which sitting councillors sought re-election.
Eight candidates contested the four wards, a poll being held in each. Two of the four councillors returned in 1921, Gustave Bellotti in Castle Ward and Augustin Ernest Huart in Cathedral Ward, were re-elected; the seats for Old Town Ward and Europa Ward were won by Nemesio Plácido Cortés and Peter Freeman Lyons respectively. Old Town Ward produced the closest contest in the council's short history to that date, Cortés defeating Mesod Menahem Benady by six votes, while in Europa Ward Lyons took more than 96 per cent of the votes recorded. A total of 2,459 votes were recorded across the four wards.
The City Council had been established under the City Council Ordinance 1921, enacted on 22 August 1921 by the Governor, Sir Horace Smith-Dorrien, and brought into force on 1 October 1921. It replaced the Board of Sanitary Commissioners, a wholly nominated body, and took over the management of drainage, water supply, sanitation and related municipal matters. Of its nine members, four were elected and five nominated or appointed by the Governor, so that the official and appointed members retained a majority.
In the three years between the two elections the colony's constitutional arrangements were altered only marginally. In October 1922 a consultative Executive Council was established, comprising four ex-officio members and three unofficial members appointed by the Governor; its role was purely advisory, and the Governor retained full legislative, administrative and executive powers. James Andrews-Speed, the council's elected chairman, was among the three unofficial members appointed to it. Smith-Dorrien was succeeded as Governor in 1923 by General Sir Charles Monro. When the local Workers' Union asked Monro to appoint a labour representative to the Executive Council on the ground that it did not represent all sections of the community, he rejected the request, characterising such claims as "hardly compatible with the existence of Gibraltar as a Military Fortress".
Because both elected and appointed councillors served three-year terms, the four seats filled in 1921 fell vacant in 1924, and a fresh register of electors was due to be prepared during the year and published by 1 October.
The composition of the council and the conduct of the election continued to be governed by the City Council Ordinance 1921, which had not been amended in this respect since the first election. The council consisted of nine members: three councillors nominated by the Governor to represent, respectively, the Government of Gibraltar, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty and the Principal Secretary of State for War; two councillors appointed by the Governor at each regular election; and four councillors elected by the electors. The five nominated and appointed members thus outnumbered the four elected members. No woman was eligible to hold the office of councillor. Both elected and appointed councillors served three-year terms.
Gibraltar remained divided into the four wards set out in the first schedule to the ordinance, namely Old Town, Castle, Cathedral and Europa, each ward electing and returning one councillor. The schedule defined the wards by reference to the colony's police districts and detailed street boundaries; the Old Town, Castle and Cathedral wards covered the built-up town, while the Europa Ward extended southwards over the rest of the peninsula, including the Rosia, Naval Hospital, Buena Vista and Windmill Hill areas.
As at the first election, an elector could vote only for the candidate standing in the ward in which he resided. Voting in all four wards was not introduced until an amending ordinance of 1927.
Under section 15 of the ordinance, a person was entitled to be registered as an elector if he was a British subject of full age (21 years), not under any legal incapacity, not in arrears on his rates, and had for at least six months in the year the register was prepared occupied land or premises in Gibraltar as owner or tenant; "tenant" included a person occupying a room or rooms as a lodger. The ordinance expressly provided that no woman was entitled to be registered as an elector, and that no member of the Naval or Military Forces or civil servant of the Crown occupying a Crown residence or quarters free of rent could register in respect of that occupation. The exclusion of women contrasted with the United Kingdom, where a female franchise had been introduced in 1918.
A register of electors was prepared during 1921 and every third year thereafter, published by 1 October, under a Registration Officer appointed by the Governor; appeals against registration decisions lay to the Police Magistrate and, on a point of law, to the Supreme Court. This election was accordingly the first to be fought on a revised register.
To qualify for election a candidate had to be a British subject by birth and of full age (21 years), a resident of Gibraltar occupying a dwelling house (or part of one) for at least eight months a year, and able to read and write English; a prescribed statutory declaration to this effect, sworn before a Justice of the Peace, was set out in the second schedule to the ordinance. Undischarged bankrupts and persons convicted of a felony or sentenced to more than three months' imprisonment were disqualified. No property qualification was imposed.
Every candidate had to notify the returning officer in writing at least 21 days before the poll, supported by the sworn declaration, and could appoint an election agent; the Registration Officer acted as Returning Officer. Where only one candidate came forward in a ward, he was declared elected unopposed, and where more than one stood a poll was held. A poll was held in each of the four wards, two candidates standing in every ward.
Two sitting councillors sought re-election: Gustave Bellotti in Castle Ward and Augustin Ernest Huart in Cathedral Ward. The councillors returned in 1921 for Old Town Ward and Europa Ward, Charles Thomas Pou and the chairman James Andrews-Speed, did not stand. Herbert Francis Joseph Maxted, who had signed the notice of the 1921 result as Returning Officer, stood as a candidate in Europa Ward; the returning officer at this election was I. M. Wahnon.
A total of 2,459 votes were recorded across the four wards, against 2,997 at the first election in 1921. The contests varied widely in closeness: the margin in Old Town Ward was six votes, while in Europa Ward the defeated candidate received 19 votes. Castle Ward returned the largest number of votes recorded of any ward, and Europa Ward the smallest. All eight candidates stood without party labels. A bold asterisk (*) denotes a sitting councillor seeking re-election.
The four councillors returned in 1924 continued to sit alongside the five members nominated and appointed by the Governor, who retained a majority on the council. Demands for wider representation continued, and in February 1926 Monro rejected a call for a majority of elected members on the City Council; a further request by the Exchange and Commercial Library was refused in 1929.
The franchise was widened in a different direction at the following election. An amending ordinance of 1927 allowed an elector to vote in all four wards rather than only in the ward in which he resided. An elected majority on the council was not conceded until it was reconstituted in 1945, after its suspension during the Second World War. The council continued to operate until it was abolished in 1969, when it was merged with the Legislative Council to form the Gibraltar House of Assembly.
Alastair Westgarth (born April 10, 1964) is a Canadian engineer that's currently the COO of Xeal Energy and most notably the former CEO of Starship Technologies from 1 June, 2021 to December 2023. Alastair studied and graduated with a Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering from Queen's University, in Canada. since then, he created and ran several telecom technology companies in the US and other regions of the world.
Westgarth started his career at the age of 27 years old, he worked at Bell Canada, a Canadian telecommunication company from 1991 to 1995, where he served in the capacity of the Director of Engineering.
Westgarth then joined and served as the Vice President at Nortel Networks for a five-year period, though the specific years of his tenure are not publicly available. Between the years of 2000 to 2004, he acted as the President and CEO of Navini Networks.
He then joined InterWest Partners in August 2004, which is a Silicon Valley venture capital firm founded in 1979, there he served as an EIR Engineer for five months, before he moved in January 2005 to First Broadcasting, where he worked as an EPV engineer.
Later, Westgarth worked at Airspan Networks, where he acted in the role of the Chief Technology Officer, there he worked from July 2006 to March 2007.
Afterwards, Westgarth worked as the CEO and President of Tango Network, which is a telecommunication corporation, from March 2007 to February 2012. After Tango Network, Wesgarth moved to Quintel Solutions also as CEO and President, between 2012 and 2017.
Westgarth is also the immediate past CEO of Loon LLC, there he was the CEO and project leader from July 2018 to May 2021. Westgarth then assumed the position of CEO at Starship Technologies from 1 June, 2021 to December 2023, before he most recently became the COO of Xeal Energy, a company that provides advanced electric vehicle (EV) charging stations.
In addition to his service at multiple companies, Westgarth has been on the advisory boards of several companies. Companies such as Genesis Campus and Spatial Wireless. Westgarth has also been on the board of directors for Tango Networks and Valere Power, where he provided in this capacity support to these companies by providing current knowledge, critical analysis and thinking to enhance their confidence.
The 2012 Down Senior Football Championship was the 104th official edition of Down GAA's premier Gaelic Football tournament for senior clubs in County Down. 16 teams competed with the winner representing Down in the Ulster Senior Club Football Championship.
Following the conclusion of the 2011 competition, it was voted to change the format of the competition for the first time. From the 2013 edition, a group stage was to be introduced, and 2012 served as a transition season. Initially intended for just one season, the 2012 competition used a double elimination format for the opening two rounds of the championship, with the winners and early round losers rejoining at the quarter final stage. The group stage lasted just two seasons, and Down permanently adopted the double elimination format from 2015 onwards.
Round 2A will feature the eight winning sides from Round 1, with an open draw to determine the fixtures. The winning sides progress directly to the Quarter Final, with the losing sides moving into Round 3.
Round 2B sees the eight losing sides from Round 1 compete for a place in Round 3. The losing sides from this round will be eliminated from the competition.
Round 3 is a supplementary round for teams to have a second chance at reaching the Quarter Final. This round features teams that have lost once so far in this year's Championship, either winning in Round 1 and losing in Round 2A, or losing in Round 1 but winning their Round 2B fixture. Losing sides in this round are eliminated from this year's competition.
The Semi Final will see the four winning sides face off for a place in this year's final. This round is an open draw from the four Quarter Final winners.
Access to Work is a publicly funded employment support programme by the Government of the United Kingdom for disabled people that was introduced in 1994. It is run by the Department for Work and Pensions and aims to support disabled people start or stay in work by providing workplace adjustments, specialist equipment, and funding for support workers.
Access to Work was introduced in 1994, to help support individuals with disabilities begin, or stay in work. The programme is run by the Department for Work and Pensions and provides discretionary workplace adjustments that would go beyond what is normally expected by an employer to provide. Grants for the scheme pays for support in the workplace, including specialist equipment, support workers, and changes to the workplace. In 2011, Liz Sayce published a study that found every £1 spent on Access to Work led to the Exchequer recouping £1.48.
Following Remploy's factory closures in 2012, workers who were employed as part of the scheme were advised to apply for Access to Work, with the goal of finding employment in a mainstream workplace. The closures followed news that the Remploy scheme was spending £25,000 a year to keep each disabled employee in work. In comparison, the government found that it would cost £2,900 a year to support an individual through Access to work. The government saved around £63 million from the factory closures, with £15m of those savings being reinvested into Access to Work.
In March 2018, DWP commissioned the National Centre for Social Research to perform a feasibility study to see if it was possible to conduct a impact evaluation using existing data. They found that there was a lack of appropriate data needed for such an evaluation and that a bespoke survey was needed. They anticipated that such a study would be costly.
Following the findings in the 2023 Health and Disability white paper, Access to Work began considering new ways to provide support to disabled people with higher needs. The pilot, called Access to Work Plus, was rolled out between May 2022 and March 2024. The scheme introduced the enhanced personal element, which allowed for further support that Access to Work was normally unable to cover. The employer element was also introduced, which provided a financial incentive for employers who adjusted job roles to accommodate for disabled employees. This incentive consisted of a payment, that could be up to £3,000 annually.
The scheme was evaluated by King's College London who published their findings in 2025. They found that the ongoing backlog of applications worsened participants view of the scheme, even when they later felt supported by the pilot. Delays in payments caused problems in some cases, with employers having to ask employees to stop working until the Access to Work Plus funding came through. However, participants praised the personalised support provided by job aides and job coaches.
In 2024 Liz Kendall announced that the government planned to reform Access to Work, with the goal of getting more people into work. By 2024 applications for Access to Work had more than doubled from the 2018 figures, causing a backlog of that had grown by almost 60,000 cases between March 2020 and February 2026. This caused the average time for applications to be processed to grow from 28 days to 100.5 days. The programme had also not undergone any form of impact evaluation or substantial changes since it's introduction in 1994. Stephen Timms said the scheme's growth was "unlikely to be sustainable", with the government looking at ways to reduce the costs.
By 2025, disabled people were concerned that Access to Work's funding had been cut. Timms, the Minister of State for Social Security and Disability, reassured Parliament that no support had been cut in July 2025, but later admitted in October that he had asked DWP staff to be more “scrupulous” with applications. At the end of October the Pathways to Work green paper was published, which considered future potential options for Access to Work. These included providing direct employer support to make workplaces more accessible, provide targeting funding, and potentially sharing the market for assistive technology allowing for lowered costs.
It was announced on January 2026 that the new Independent Disability Advisory Panel, chaired by Zara Todd, would be looking into Access to Work's provisions. In February 2026 the National Audit Office published it's report into Access to work, where it found that the DWP had gaps in it's data and that the DWP itself did not know if the scheme provided value for money. The DWP was also unaware if the support provided was of benefit to individuals. The report found that extensive delays has caused individuals to lose job offers and delays in reimbursement was causing cash flow issues for some businesses. When the report was published Disability Rights UK claimed the application delays had grown to 210 days long. In March, Peter Schofield suggested that disabled people and employers may be "misusing" the scheme.
Following increasing wait times for support, Pat McFadden announced in May 2026 that the DWP would be hiring 480 additional staff to help process applications. It is hoped this would help clear the 57,000 case backlog by September 2027. In June, the Public Accounts Committee published a report into Access to Work, finding that even with the increased staffing it was expected to take between 18 months to two years to clear the application backlog. It also reported that the programme had failed to adapt to modern ways of working and didn't work well for self employed individuals or those working part time.
The 1928–29 Paterson Whirlwinds season was technically the first and only full professional basketball season of play for the Crescents team under that name held in Paterson, New Jersey during the fourth season of existence for the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. However, Paterson's history as a franchise had supposedly lasted as far back as 1909 by first appearing as the Whirlwinds properly in the Hudson River Basketball League before becoming the Paterson Crescents in the next two seasons there (and for most of their existence) soon afterward as well, with a brief year of independent play later giving them appearances in the New York State Basketball League, the Interstate Basketball League, the Pennsylvania State Basketball League (for some odd reason), and the Metropolitan Basketball League as the Paterson Crescents before eventually being picked up by the ABL this season as the Paterson Whirlwinds once again, with this season marking at least their 18th overall season of play (due to two seasons being lost due to World War I) and at least their 11th overall professional basketball season with some sort of professional basketball league when combining the histories of all of these leagues with this season of play here. Regardless of the overall sentiment at hand here, Paterson's franchise would be one of eight teams competing in the ABL this season, which would return to a split season format after previously using a proper regular season and playoff formatting. Not only that, but the Whirlwinds would end up becoming the weakest team competing within the ABL this season, as they would end up finishing in last place throughout the entire season. In the first half of the season, the Whirlwinds would end up being the only team to have less than 10 wins throughout that half of the season, as they ended up finishing that half of the season with a poor 6–19 record to become dead last place in the league there. The second of the season would be even worse for them, however, as after losing three straight games to start that half of the season, Paterson would fire Pop Morgenweck as the head coach and replace him with player-coach Artie Powers for the rest of the season, which did little to help them out since they still ended up placing in last place in that half of the season with a 3–9 record with Powers' 3–6 coaching record. Following this failed season's conclusion, Paterson would continue competing in the ABL in spite of their poor performances, though they would return to their more common Paterson Crescents name by the time the upcoming ABL season began.
Due to information on American Basketball League players being generally hard to find, there are bound to be more gaps and/or inaccuracies found in certain areas on the team's roster spots than usual.
The 1929–30 Toledo Red Man Tobaccos season was the first professional basketball season played by the Red Man Tobaccos franchise during what would be the first and only professional basketball season of (the first iteration of) the National Professional Basketball League. This rendition of the National Professional Basketball League would not be related to either the 1926 version of the National Basketball League (which was also a completely different league from the first ever professional basketball league known as the National Basket Ball League that was around at the end of the 19th century and the start of the 20th century) that hosted both the Original Celtics and the Brooklyn Visitations as teams there nor would it officially be related to the second version of the NPBL that the Toledo squad would technically be a part of, with that version of the NPBL later becoming a precursor to both the Midwest Basketball Conference and the National Basketball League (with the latter league eventually merging operations with the Basketball Association of America to become the present-day National Basketball Association), though there would be some outlets that would misconstrue the different leagues mentioned as being a part of the overall history for the NBL that eventually became a part of the NBA. In any case, the Toledo Red Man Tobaccos would be one of six teams that joined together to create this version of the NPBL (though most of the teams involved with this league would be based in the state of Ohio, with a few others being in Michigan instead), with the other teams including the Canton Generals (though it's suggested they also played as the Toledo Orphans as well) from Canton, Ohio; the Columbus Robert Lees (named after the infamous Confederate States of America general Robert E. Lee) from Columbus, Ohio; the Dayton Kellys from Dayton, Ohio; the Detroit Olympics from Detroit, Michigan; and the Pontiac Chiefs from Pontiac, Michigan (though by the second half of the season, the Detroit Olympics team would move to Jackson, Michigan to become the Jackson Elks and the Pontiac Chiefs team would move to Detroit itself to become the Detroit Tool Shops for the rest of that half of the season going forward instead). Throughout this entire season, Toledo would be one of the best teams in the NPBL, if not the very best team as a whole due to them not just being nearly undefeated throughout the first half of the season (being two games ahead of the team that originally was named the Detroit Olympics for that specific half of the season after only having one total loss throughout that half of the season), but also having an 8–2 record that was ultimately tied up with the Canton Generals and the Dayton Kellys (who had a miserably poor first half record by comparison to Toledo). Initially, the Red Man Tobaccos franchise would have a chance at being named the automatic champions of the NPBL by default if they would win the three-way tiebreaker series that also involved the Canton Generals (who might have been named the Canton Orphans by the second half of the season, if not the tiebreaker series) and the Dayton Kellys (who had an incredible turnaround from their poor performance in the first half of the season into the second half of the season). However, while Toledo would end up winning their first half against Canton, they ultimately failed to succeed at being the overall league champions by default when they lost their second half first place tiebreaker series match to Dayton in a close manner, meaning they were going to have to compete against the Dayton Kellys in what would be a rematch championship series for the overall league championship to earn it properly instead of winning it by default. At first, Toledo would surprisingly struggle with Dayton by losing the first two games of the series, but once the series went back to their home court in Toledo, the Red Man Tobaccos would end up reversing their fortunes for the rest of the championship series by not just winning their remaining games that would be played in Toledo, but also the last game played in Dayton to steal the championship series away from the Kellys with a 4–2 series victory. Following this season's conclusion, the Toledo Red Man Tobaccos would leave the National Professional Basketball League (which went defunct shortly after this season's conclusion) to compete in the American Basketball League in an attempt to prove their worth as a true professional franchise that would be up against the best of the best within the rest of the U.S.A. by comparison to what they had dealt with beforehand (although they would not realize they would enter in that league's original final season of competition by comparison to what they had envisioned with their initial scope in mind).
Due to information on National Professional Basketball League players being generally hard to find, there are bound to be more gaps and/or inaccuracies found in certain areas on the team's roster spots than usual.
* – Teams moved elsewhere and rebranded themselves after the end of the first half of the season on January 10, 1930, with the Detroit Olympics becoming the Jackson Elks and the Pontiac Chiefs becoming the Detroit Tool Shops going forward for the rest of the season.
* – Teams moved elsewhere and rebranded themselves before the start of the second half of the season on January 10, 1930, with the Detroit Olympics becoming the Jackson Elks and the Pontiac Chiefs becoming the Detroit Tool Shops going forward for the rest of the season.
Due to the way the second half of this season played out within the (original) NPBL, the Toledo Red Man Tobaccos would compete in a three-way series that involved both the Canton Generals (who might have also played as the Canton Orphans by this point in time) and the Dayton Kellys (who had an incredible turn around performance from the first half of the season to the second half of the season), with the Toledo squad potentially being declared champions of this version of the NPBL by default if they end up winning their scheduled games in this tiebreaker series. Unfortunately for the Red Man Tobaccos squad, while they would end up winning their match over Canton with a decisive 25–14 home victory, the Toledo squad would end up losing a close 26–24 road match to the Dayton Kellys, meaning the Dayton squad would officially be named the league's champions for the second half of the season instead. As such, Toledo would end up having to deal with a rematch championship series with Dayton in a best-of-seven championship series instead of being declared automatic champions of the NPBL by default had they outright won their tiebreaker series.
Due to the previous results in the second half first place tiebreaker series, the best-of-seven championship series between the Toledo Red Man Tobaccos and the Dayton Kellys would end up being a rematch of the final game played in that second half tiebreaker series to determine the overall league champions instead of having Toledo being declared champions by default due to them winning both halves for the overall season due to the split season formatting at hand.
The 1932–33 Fort Wayne Chiefs season is the only professional basketball season of play for the Chiefs franchise in the city of Fort Wayne, Indiana under what was considered the only official season of the National Professional Basketball League, a league which would end up becoming a precursor to both the Midwest Basketball Conference and the National Basketball League (with the latter league eventually merging operations with the Basketball Association of America to become the present-day National Basketball Association). However, it is also suggested that the Fort Wayne Chiefs are actually the old Fort Wayne Hoosiers American Basketball League franchise competing under a new team name in the Chiefs; if that part is true, this would mark the team's seventh and final professional basketball season of play instead, as the team would previously compete in the ABL as both the Fort Wayne Caseys in the ABL's inaugural season and then the Hoosiers for the rest of that league's existence before somehow becoming the Chiefs for this recent season. In any case, the Fort Wayne Chiefs squad entered the season as a part of a new nine team league that also featured two works teams in the Akron Firestone Non-Skids and the Akron Goodyear Wingfoots, a (potentially) fellow ABL team from its final (original) season of existence in the Toledo Crimson Coaches Tobaccos, and a rising newcomer franchise in the Indianapolis Kautskys that would be owned by farmer turned grocer Frank Kautsky as some of the other teams that would be competing in this league. Unfortunately for the rest of the league, four of the teams created would end up folding operations throughout the season for one reason or another, with the Akron Goodyear Wingfoots playing in only six games this year. When it came to the Fort Wayne team, they would end up finishing with a below-average 4–9 record, which resulted in them technically finishing in last place in terms of surviving teams (fifth place overall) with a .308 win percentage, with their win percentage being worse than one of the teams that folded operations altogether in the Kokomo Kelts. This would easily lead to them failing to qualify for the NPBL's playoffs, which would essentially be a championship series between the two best teams of the league that season, which were the nearly-undefeated Akron Firestone Non-Skids and the Toledo Crimson Coaches Tobaccos. After a few years of independent play, team owner and head coach Frank Kautsky alongside Akron Firestone Non-Skids head coach Paul Sheeks would help create the Midwest Basketball Conference with mostly new teams being added to help succeed the original version of the NPBL that both Indianapolis and Akron had played under, with neither Kautsky nor Sheeks calling up the Fort Wayne squad to be one of the teams that previously were from the NPBL to join the MBC alongside them.
Note: In addition to all of these players, the Chiefs also had two unknown players in an all-around kind of player with the last name of Hoffman and a center with the last name of McKenzie briefly playing for the team as well.
The 1928–29 Fort Wayne Hoosiers season was both the Hoosiers' fourth season of existence as a professional franchise (albeit after previously playing their first professional season under the Fort Wayne Caseys name) in the city of Fort Wayne, Indiana and the fourth season of existence for the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. During the offseason, the ABL had entered a crossroads of sorts where the league's popularity was considered to be rather high, but it came at the cost of the Original Celtics dominating the rest of the competition and risked ending the rest of the league due to games featuring the Original Celtics (usually) showcasing high attendance values upon road matches (to the point where some crowds would chant "Break up the Celtics!"), but often displaying poor attendance values for the rest of the games in the league by comparison (to the point where only five teams looked certain to enter this season originally). Not only that, but the Celtics' own team owner, Jim Furey, would have to go to prison during this upcoming season due to him embezzling $187,000 from a company he worked with in his spare time called the Arnold Constable Corporation. This combination of factors alongside the change of league presidents from NFL president Joseph Carr to former Interstate Basketball League and Metropolitan Basketball League creator and president, Naismith Basketball Hall of Famer John J. O'Brien, led to the ABL accepting the wishes of both the fans and other league owners in breaking up the Original Celtics (and having them replaced by the New York Hakoahs for this season by extension) in order to help bolster other ABL teams up for plans of long-term success going forward. However, the way the ABL ended up implementing the forced changes upon the Original Celtics' players upon other ABL teams would ultimately hurt the league in the long-term, as most of them would end up going to the Cleveland Rosenblums instead of being more evenly distributed among the rest of the ABL teams that were entering this season, including the temporary addition of the New York Hakoahs and the former Metropolitan Basketball League teams known as the Trenton Royal Bengals and the Paterson Crescents under the Paterson Whirlwinds name.
Entering this season properly, the Hoosiers would end up being one of eight ABL teams competing in the league this season, with this season being the most stable of the league's entire history (at least in terms of its original existence). During the first half of the season, they would be one game behind the Cleveland Rosenblums (though also being three games ahead of both the former Metropolitan Basketball League team known as the Brooklyn Visitations and the surprising surging Chicago Bruins) to finish that half of the season in second place with an above-average 18–10 record. Luckily for the Hoosiers, the second half of the season would have them finishing a game ahead of both the Cleveland Rosenblums and the Brooklyn Visitations to end that half with a first place through an above-average 11–3 record. As a result of this finish, the ABL would see the two best teams of the league this season in the Cleveland Rosenblums and the Fort Wayne Hoosiers (both of whom would coincidentally finish the overall season with a season-best 29–13 record) compete in a revised ABL championship series that would now be a best-of-seven series instead of a best-of-five series due in part to the league anticipating that the series would be just as competitive for the championship as the two teams were against each other throughout the entire season combined with the ABL returning to a split season format after previously using a proper regular season format that included an actual playoff format during the previous season as well. Unfortunately for both the ABL and the Hoosiers alike, the championship series between the two teams would prove to be rather anticlimactic by comparison to the way they performed against each other throughout the season, as Fort Wayne would end up being swept by the Rosenblums in four straight games to have Cleveland return to their championship glory within the ABL once again, denying the Fort Wayne Hoosiers of their first championship in the ABL along the way.
Note: Gaza Chizmadia, Mark Harper, and Elmer Ripley would not be a part of the team's final roster for the ABL championship series for this season.
The 1925–26 Fort Wayne Caseys season was the first and only full professional basketball season of play for the Caseys team under that name (after previously being known as the Fort Wayne Knights of Columbus) in the city of Fort Wayne, Indiana under the original version of the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. The American Basketball League's inaugural season would have nine teams competing in that season (while a tenth team in East Liverpool, Ohio was intended to join the Caseys and the other eight teams in question for this season, the East Liverpool team ultimately withdrew operations before the season even began properly, with other failed locations that had submitted entries to start the ABL's inaugural season including Baltimore, Maryland (who eventually got their own team the following season); Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and two more locations in the state of Ohio via Columbus and Camden), though the ABL would compete in a split season format with two half seasons being utilized instead of one whole season being utilized throughout the season (which would be the case throughout the majority of the league's existence in the first place). However, by the time the first half of the season ended and the second half of the season began, the Boston Whirlwinds would be expelled from the ABL due to a dispute over player contracts, which led to the ABL entering the second half of the season with only eight teams remaining in their league this time around. In any case, the first season for the Caseys would ultimately be an average one in terms of team placement, though a generally below-average one for the team in terms of overall wins and losses throughout the season as a whole. During the first half of the season, the Caseys would end up having a below-average 7–9 record to have an average fifth place finish to place themselves ahead of the soon-to-be-defunct Boston Whirlwinds, the Chicago Bruins, the Detroit Pulaski Post Five, and the Buffalo Bisons, but behind the Rochester Centrals, the Cleveland Rosenblums, the Washington Palace Five, and the first half champion Brooklyn Arcadians. As for the second half of the season, due to the removal to the Boston Whirlwinds in that particular half of the season, the Caseys' placement would still be the same as it was beforehand in the first half of the season, but it would be considered below-average for the overall league's placement during that half of the season since their below-average 6–8 record would be ahead of only the Buffalo Bisons, Chicago Bruins, and Detroit Pulaski Post Five this time around. Following the conclusion of the inaugural ABL season, the Caseys would decide to rebrand themselves into the Fort Wayne Hoosiers for the rest of their existence in the ABL going forward.
Alfreda Thorogood (born 17 August 1942) is an English retired ballet dancer and teacher. She joined the touring company of the The Royal Ballet in 1960 and danced on tour until she was promoted to a soloist in 1965, then became principal dancer in 1968 and resident dancer in 1970. Thorogood left The Royal Ballet in 1980. She taught at the Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts, was an artistic adviser to the Royal Academy of Dance, artistic director of dance at Elmhurst Ballet School and was governor of the English National Ballet School.
Thorogood was born in Lambeth, London, England on 17 August 1942. She is the daughter of Alfreda (née Langham) and Edward Thorogood, and had a sister Pat, a fellow ballet dancer. Thorogood was educated at Lady Eden School and then at the Junior and Senior Royal Ballet School, training under Margot Fonteyn, Volkova Goncharov and Nancy Robinson. She graduated when she was 17.
She joined the touring company of the The Royal Ballet in 1960, and danced on tour in Swan Lake, The Sleeping Beauty, and Frederick Ashton's The Two Pigeons. Thorogood was promoted to the role of a soloist in August 1965, and was in The Rake's Progress, in Antony Tudor's Knight Errant in 1968, Geoffrey Cauley's In the Beginning in 1969, Caluey's Symphonie pastorale, Frederick Ashton's The Creatures of Promethus, Mary Vetsera and Countess Marie Larische in Kenneth MacMillan’s Mayerling, and the title role of Giselle in 1970. She became principal dancer in 1968 and was made resident dancer in 1970, performing numerous principal female roles, including Swanilda in Coppélia and Aurora, to critical acclaim.
In 1974, Thorogood danced the role of Princess Aurora in the production of The Sleeping Beauty, and the Jerome Robbins ballet In the Night. In February 1975, she left The Royal Ballet and stopped her career in dancing to look after her family. Thorogood was a guest on Nana Mouskouri's second BBC2 show in January 1976. She returned to dance and performed as the leading female role in Glen Tetley's ballet Voluntaries in 1977. Thorogood went on to dance in the Moving Picture Mime Show in February 1978, and in Igor Stravinsky's The Firebird in 1979. She was partnered with such dancers as David Wall, Rudolf Nureyev, Anthony Dowell, Wayne Eagling and Stephen Jefferies, Donald MacLeary and Christopher Gable throughout her career, before leaving The Royal Ballet in 1980.
Thorogood worked as a teacher at the Bush Davies School of Theatre Arts from 1982 to 1984 and was deputy principal of the school's ballet department between 1985 and 1989. She was the director from 1988 to 1989. Thorogood was an artistic adviser to the Royal Academy of Dance between 1989 and 1992 and then was artistic director of dance at Elmhurst Ballet School from 1994, having been its senior ballet teacher between 1992 and 1994. She was guest repetiteur at the English National Ballet Company from 2006 to 2012 and started as governor at the English National Ballet School in 2012. Thorogood is a member of the Advisory Panel for Dance for the Arts Council and received a Fellowship from the Royal Academy of Dance in 2015.
She got engaged to the ballet dancer David Wall in October 1966, and were married at St Martin-in-the-Fields, London on 1 August 1967. There were two children of the marriage; Wall died in 2013.
Elections to Salford Borough Council were held on Wednesday, 1 November 1893. One third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Conservative Party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
The 2003–2004 EHF Women's Champions League was the 11th edition of the modern era of the EHF's premier competition for women's handball clubs, and the 44th overall. Slagelse FH won the tournament as the first Danish team ever.
As part of the British honours system, the Special Honours are issued at the King's pleasure at any given time. The Special Honours confer the award of the Order of the Garter, Order of the Thistle, Order of Merit, Royal Victorian Order and the Order of St John. Life Peers are at times also awarded as special honours.
The 2026–27 Arkansas State Red Wolves women's basketball team will represent Arkansas State University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Red Wolves, led by sixth-year head coach Destinee Rogers, will play their home games at the First National Bank Arena in Jonesboro, Arkansas and compete as a member of the Sun Belt Conference.
The Red Wolves finished the 2025–26 season 27–10 overall and 14–4 in Sun Belt play, to finish in a tie for third in the conference with James Madison. As the No. 3 seed in the Sun Belt tournament, they earned a bye to the quarterfinals where they defeated No. 10 Louisiana–Monroe before falling to No. 2 Troy in the semifinals.
On March 15, following their elimination, the Red Wolves qualified for and accepted an at-large bid to the WNIT, making their first appearance in it since 2016. They earned a bye to Round 2, defeating Radford 83–52. The Red Wolves then defeated Purdue Fort Wayne and Cleveland State in the Super 16 and Great 8 respectively to advance to the Fab 4. They could not move on to the championship game, as they fell to eventual WNIT champions and fellow conference opponent Marshall 62–69 to end their season. Their 27 wins tied the program record for most wins in a season, which was last set in 2015–16.
Adults reach a length of about 4.1 mm (0.16 in). They have a large, oblong oval body, with the dorsum moderately convex and pubescent. The head is yellowish brown with black eyes. The pronotum is black, with the anterior corners yellowish brown. The scutellum is black and the elytra are yellowish brown with black margins. Each elytron with four black spots besides a black sutural stripe which expanded at near basal and apical part. The underside is black, except for the reddish brown legs and abdomen.
The two fastest boats in each heat and the fourteen fastest times advanced directly to the quarterfinals. The remaining boats were sent to the Final E and Final F.
The 2026–27 Armenian Cup is the 36th edition of the football competition in Armenia. The winners will qualify for the 2027–28 UEFA Conference League second qualifying round.
On 2 July 2026, the Football Federation of Armenia announced the draw for the preliminary round. On 22 August, Hayk were expelled from the Armenian First League and the Armenian Cup, resulting in a bye to the Round of 16 for Olympia Yerevan.
The two fastest boats in each heat and the fourteen fastest times advanced directly to the quarterfinals. The remaining boats were sent to the Final E.
Cletus Chandrasiri Perera, O.S.B.Silv. (6 September 1947 – 24 August 2026) was a Sri Lankan Roman Catholic prelate who served as the bishop of Ratnapura from 2007 to 2024. He was a member of the Benedictine Congregation of Monte Oliveto.
Perera was born in Seeduwa, in the Archdiocese of Colombo, on 6 September 1947. He received his primary and secondary education at a Catholic school in Seeduwa before studying philosophy and theology at the National Seminary of Our Lady of Lanka in Kandy.
He entered the Sylvestrine Benedictine congregation, making his first profession on 28 February 1965 and his solemn profession on 17 February 1971. He was ordained a priest on 4 August 1973.
Following his priestly ordination, Perera served as a hospital and prison chaplain in Kandy and as a parish vicar at Padiwatte from 1973 to 1975. He was then a parish vicar at Wahakotte from 1975 to 1978. From 1978 to 1981 he specialized in liturgy at the Athenaeum Sant'Anselmo in Rome. He subsequently served as parish priest at Katugastota, parish vicar at Rajagiriya, and parish priest at Wahakotte, where he was also superior of the Benedictine community at the Shrine of Saint Anthony.
From 1993 to 2002, Perera was vicar general of the Diocese of Kandy. During this period he was also parish priest of the cathedral, director of the diocesan pastoral centre, diocesan youth coordinator, and responsible for Catholic schools. From 2002 he was conventual prior and major superior of the Monastery of Saint Silvester in Kandy, while also serving as a visiting professor at the National Major Seminary of Kandy and as a spiritual director at the minor seminary.
On 4 May 2007, Pope Benedict XVI appointed Perera bishop of Ratnapura, succeeding Ivan Tilak Jayasundera. At the time of his appointment he was prior of the Monastery of Saint Silvester in Kandy.
Perera received his episcopal consecration on 11 July 2007 at the Basilica of the Twelve Holy Apostles in Rome. The principal consecrator was Joseph Vianney Fernando, Bishop of Kandy, with Albert Malcolm Ranjith Patabendige Don and Harold Anthony Perera serving as principal co-consecrators. He was installed as bishop of Ratnapura on 28 July 2007.
As bishop, Perera was involved in interreligious dialogue and ecumenical activity in Sri Lanka. During Pope Francis's 2015 visit to Sri Lanka, Perera, then bishop of Ratnapura and an official responsible for interreligious dialogue within the Catholic Bishops' Conference of Sri Lanka, presented the participants at an interreligious meeting to the pope.
On 5 March 2024, Pope Francis accepted Perera's resignation from the pastoral government of the Diocese of Ratnapura. Peter Antony Wyman Croos was appointed his successor. Perera subsequently served as apostolic administrator of Ratnapura until 1 June 2024.
Perera died in Sri Lanka on 24 August 2026, at the age of 78, after a long illness. His funeral was announced for 27 August at the diocesan cathedral, where he was also scheduled to be buried.
The 2002 Reform Party National Convention was held in August 2002 by the Reform Party of the United States of America. Occurring during a midterm election cycle, the gathering was structured as an administrative governance meeting rather than a presidential nominating convention.
The convention took place as the party struggled with deep internal fractures following the 2000 presidential campaign, along with mounting financial pressure from Federal Election Commission audits regarding past public campaign funding.
In the aftermath of the 2000 election cycle, intense conflict broke out over control of the party apparatus. Longtime Reform Party members and supporters of founder Ross Perot sought to remove the "Buchananites"—a conservative wing that entered the party alongside Pat Buchanan—from leadership roles. Centrist factions argued that social conservative organizers had joined primarily to gain control of $12.6 million in federal matching funds.
This rift led to aggressive credentials battles, procedural standoffs, and split meetings during party gatherings between 2000 and 2002. Following Buchanan's low vote total in the 2000 general election, remaining party leaders systematically moved to push out paleoconservative leaders and re-establish the party's original platform.
By the time delegates met in August 2002, anti-Buchanan organizers had regained operational control of the national organization. Convention business centered on internal rule revisions, planning ballot access efforts for the 2002 midterms, and selecting national committee leadership. Political candidate Shawn O'Hara of Mississippi took on a central organizational role and served as convention chair.
Disillusioned members of the Buchanan faction departed to form the short-lived America First Party, leaving the remaining Reform Party structure to focus on rebuilding its fiscal reform movement.
Augustus Albert Allen (c. 1810–July 14, 1834), also known as Gen. A. A. Allen and "Baron Allen," was an American lawyer and politician. Originally from Virginia, he was at one time a cadet at the United States Military Academy at West Point. He settled in Mississippi in the 1830s and worked as a lawyer, banker, and land dealer. He was elected to the state legislature from Hinds County in 1833. He was killed in a duel with Alexander Keith McClung in 1834.
Allen was born around 1810. He was said to be from Virginia. He entered West Point on July 1, 1828, at age 17, and was ranked 59 of 59 in his class that year, with 11 listed below him as either "found deficient" or "sick absent". He was in the same class as George B. Crittenden, George Washington Cass, and Philip St. George Cocke.
Allen was enrolled at the United States Military Academy at West Point in 1829–1830, when future Confederate general John Bankhead Magruder, at that time captain of the 1st Company of Cadets, "called upon Cadet Private Augustus Albert Allen to close up ranks. 'Baron' Allen, as he was known to his classmates, considered the command a personal insult, for which he demanded an apology." Not immediately receiving one, Allen challenged Magruder to a duel, which Magruder accepted even though duels were prohibited under Academy regulations. Magruder's second, William N. Pendleton, ultimately acted as mediator and resolved the conflict, without gunfire, to the satisfaction of all parties. In July 1830, Cadet Allen attended a dinner hosted by Philip P. Barbour at Lynchburg and toasted to the ex-presidents of the United States. He did not graduate from the academy.
In 1833 he was a commissioner selling building lots in the Mississippi state capital of Jackson. He was on the board of directors of a Jackson bank in July 1833. In 1833 he was elected to the Mississippi House of Representatives from Hinds County.
In January 1834 Allen's primary occupation was lawyer. In June 1834, along with Isaac Caldwell (killed in an 1836 duel) and others, Allen was investigating public land sales at the Chocchuma land office. In July 1834, Kentucky-born lawyer Alexander Keith McClung shot Allen in the mouth from 34 ft (10 m). McClung's shot amputated Allen's tongue and smashed "several teeth...leaving a horrific wound from which he died in great agony." McClung's shot "set a record for a death by smoothbore pistol at roughly 100 paces." As many as 3,000 people, including 150 state legislators, were present at the Jackson dueling grounds to witness this event. S. S. Prentiss and Felix Huston were apparently Allen's seconds in the duel, which was held on the banks of the Pearl River.
The 1988 Little League Softball World Series was held in Kalamazoo, Michigan from August 16 to August 21, 1988. Five teams, all from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
The 1989 Little League Softball World Series was held in Kalamazoo, Michigan from August 15 to August 19, 1989. Four teams, all from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
"Black Peter" is a song by the American rock band the Grateful Dead, released as the sixth track on the band's fourth studio album Workingman's Dead (1970).
The lyrics of "Black Peter" were written by Robert Hunter after an LSD experience in June 1969 after his apple juice was reportedly dosed without his knowledge with around $50,000 worth of crystal LSD. The song's lyrics concern a man on his deathbed who doesn't know how long he will live, while the man's friends gather around him and attempt to make conversation with the man, but he doesn't want to, only asking rhetorical questions such as "who can the weather command?", "who can command the weather?" and "Who can be commanded by the weather?". Hunter said in his book A Box of Rain that "I wrote this as a brisk piece like Kershaw's 'Louisiana Man.' Garcia took it seriously, though, dressing it in subtle changes and a mournful tempo. The bridge verse—'See here how everything lead up to this day...' —was written after the restructuring of the piece and reflects the additional depth of - "Black Queen" possibility provided for the song by his treatment." The song became a staple of the Dead's concerts of the early 1970's. Many Deadheads have theorized the song was written from the perspective of the Dutch folklore character of the same name as the song. The song had been reportedly been performed by the Dead nearly 350 times before their breakup.
In a review of the song for AllMusic, Matthew Greenwald wrote that it has a "laid-back, almost Don Williams-like ballad [..] quite evocative of a barroom at three in the morning." adding that "The mournful melody is blues-based, yet it also has strong elements of both gospel and country." Glide magazine said in a review of Dave's Picks Volume 24, which includes a live version of the song recorded on August 25, 1972 that "Even the deliberate balladry of "Black Peter" has an unusual resonance and not just in the stirring tones of Lesh's bass: Robert Hunter's lyrics echo with profound truth".
The 1990 Little League Softball World Series was held in Kalamazoo, Michigan from August 14 to August 18, 1990. Four teams, all from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
The 2026–27 Singapore Premier League 2 was the 2nd season of the Singapore Premier League 2, the reserve league for the top-flight Singaporean association football clubs since the abolishment of the U21 league.
Clubs must now register a combined squad for both the SPL and reserve league (SPL2), with a minimum of 36 and a maximum of 50 players. At least 25 local players are to be registered.
Following the absence of a football league in Puerto Rico for the 2017–18 season, the Puerto Rican Football Federation organized a Preparatory Tournament that ran from March until June 2018. 10 teams participated on the tournament won by Bayamón FC.
The table lists the positions of teams after each week of matches. In order to preserve chronological evolvements, any postponed matches are not included in the round at which they were originally scheduled, but added to the full round they were played immediately afterwards. For example, if a match is scheduled for matchday 13, but then postponed and played between days 16 and 17, it will be added to the standings for day 16.
The 2020–21 Liga Puerto Rico season was to be the third season of the Liga Puerto Rico, the top tier soccer league on the island. Metropolitan FA were the reigning champions because of their 2018–19 Liga Puerto Rico championship. The 2019–2020 season was abandoned in March 2020 because of the COVID-19 pandemic and no new champion was named.
After initially delaying the 2020–2021 season in July 2020, the Puerto Rican Football Federation cancelled the season completely the following month as the pandemic continued.
The 2025 FEI World Cup Finals for dressage and show jumping were held from April 2–6, 2025, in Basel, Switzerland. The event was held at St. Jakobshalle and marked the conclusion of the 2024–25 Dressage World Cup and Show Jumping World Cup seasons.
Remains of Celtic, Roman and Frankish settlements have been discovered in the area. During the Middle Ages, the Aulne Abbey owned land in the village. There are two châteaux in the village, Château de Barvaux-Condroz (its oldest parts dating from the 17th century) and Château de Ramezée (dating from the 18th century).
The 2026 EuroLeague SuperCup, officially known as the Euroleague Basketball SuperCup Abu Dhabi 2026 for sponsorship reasons, will be the inaugural edition of the EuroLeague SuperCup, an annual men's professional basketball tournament organized by Euroleague Basketball. The competition serves as the official opening event of the 2026–27 EuroLeague season.
The tournament will feature a Final Four format and is scheduled to take place between 18 and 19 September 2026 at the Etihad Arena on Yas Island in Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates.
The creation of the EuroLeague SuperCup was officially approved during the EuroLeague Basketball Shareholders General Assembly in July 2026. On 24 August 2026, Euroleague Basketball and the Department of Culture and Tourism – Abu Dhabi (DCT Abu Dhabi) officially announced the details of the inaugural tournament, expanding on their multi-year partnership following the 2025 EuroLeague Final Four in the city.
The tournament will be hosted entirely at the Etihad Arena, located on Yas Island in Abu Dhabi. The indoor arena has a seating capacity of 18,000 for basketball events.
The 2026–27 Irish Cup (known as the Clearer Water Irish Cup for sponsorship purposes) is the 147th edition of the Irish Cup, the premier knock-out cup competition in Northern Irish football since its inauguration in 1881. Coleraine are the defending champions after defeating Dungannon Swifts in the 2026 final.
64 clubs were drawn into this round with 18 clubs receiving a bye. The following teams received byes to the Second Round: Abbey Villa, Aquinas, Ards Rangers, Banbridge Rangers, Castlewellan Town, Crumlin Star, Derriaghy CC, Donegal Celtic, Drumaness Mills, Dunmurry Recreation, Dunmurry Young Men, Inspired Talents F.C., Lisburn Rangers, Newcastle Town, Newmills F.C., Newtowne, Portavogie Rangers, St Mary's Youth.
The 32 first round winners, 18 teams given byes, and the 14 NAFL National Conference League clubs entered the second round. The draw was held on 10 August 2026.
The sixth round will consist of the four winners of the previous round, the 12 clubs of the NIFL Premiership, and the 16 clubs of the NIFL Championship. The round will take place on 8 and 9 January 2027.
The 2026 China Masters (officially known as the Li-Ning China Masters 2026 for sponsorship reasons) is a badminton tournament that will take place at Shenzhen Arena in Shenzhen, China, from 1 to 6 September 2026, and will feature a total prize pool of $1,250,000.
The 2026 China Masters is the thirty-fifth tournament of the 2026 BWF World Tour and is also part of the China Masters championships, which have been held since 2005. This tournament is organized by the Chinese Badminton Association and is sanctioned by the BWF.
Below is the point distribution table for each phase of the tournament based on the BWF points system for the BWF World Tour Super 750 event.
The 1903 Chertsey by-election was a parliamentary by-election held on 26 March 1903 for the British House of Commons constituency of Chertsey. It was caused by the death of the sitting member Henry Leigh-Bennett, of the Conservative Party. The candidates were John Arthur Fyler (Conservative) and Hubert Longman (Liberal).
On Thursday 27 October 1931, the 1931 United Kingdom general election was held in England, to elect all 615 members of the House of Commons, with 492 constituencies being in England. 485 seats represented territorial constituencies contested under the first past the post electoral system, and seven additional seats represented the university constituencies. Three university constituencies returned two members through the single transferable vote electoral system and one returned one member by the first past the post system.
In this election, the parties forming the National Government across the United Kingdom won 67 per cent of the popular vote and over 90 per cent of the seats in the House of Commons.
The 2026 Snap-on IndyCar Weekend will be a pair of IndyCar motor races held on August 29, 2026, and August 30, 2026, at the Milwaukee Mile in West Allis, Wisconsin. They will be the 16th and 17th penultimate rounds of the 2026 IndyCar season.
The Snap-on IndyCar Weekend, is held at the Milwaukee Mile in West Allis, Wisconsin on its 4-turn oval layout. As a 1-mile (1.61 km) track, it is also currently a points-paying race of the NTT IndyCar Series. The event is contested by "Indy Car", that is a formula of professional-level, single-seat, open cockpit, open-wheel, purpose-built race cars.
Going into the race, Álex Palou led the 2026 IndyCar Series points championship, with a 91-point lead over Kyle Kirkwood. Palou leads the drivers this season with six victories and seven pole positions before the race. Kyle Kirkwood, Josef Newgarden and Christian Lundgaard have two wins each going into the race. Pato O'Ward, Marcus Ericsson, and Indy 500 winner Felix Rosenqvist each had one win.
The 2026 Snap-on Makers and Fixers 250 will be the sixteenth round of the 2026 IndyCar season. The race will be held on August 29, 2026, in West Allis, Wisconsin at the Milwaukee Mile. The race will be contested of 250 laps.
Qualifying will be held at 10:00 AM CST on August 29, 2026. For qualifying, each entrant will turn two consecutive laps, with their first lap time counting towards Race 1 qualifying and their second lap counting for Race 2 qualifying.
The 2026 Snap-on Milwaukee Mile 250 will be the seventeenth and penultimate round of the 2026 IndyCar season. The race will be held on August 30, 2026, in West Allis, Wisconsin at the Milwaukee Mile. The race will be contested of 250 laps.
Qualifying for Race 2 will take place at the same time as for Race 1. Each entrant will turn two consecutive laps, with their first lap time counting towards Race 1 qualifying and their second lap counting for Race 2 qualifying.
The 2026 Atlas 200 is an upcoming ARCA Menards Series race that will be held on Friday, August 28, 2026, at Madison International Speedway in Rutland, Wisconsin. Contested over 200 laps on the 0.500-mile (0.805 km) short track, it will be the 16th race of the 2026 ARCA Menards Series season, and the second running of the event.
Madison International Speedway is a half-mile paved oval racetrack in the Town of Rutland near Oregon, Wisconsin, United States. With 18-degree banked turns, the track is billed as "The Track of Champions" and "Wisconsin's Fastest Half Mile." The weekly program at the track runs on Friday nights under NASCAR Local Racing Series sanction.
The track holds events in the ASA Midwest Tour and ASA Late Model Series Northern Division. In 2011, the track held its first ARCA Racing Series race since 1973. The track regularly held American Speed Association events before the national touring series ended. The United States Super Trucks, Mid-American Stock Car Series, the HOSS series, the USAC midgets, the ASA National Tour, the NASCAR Midwest Series and the USAR Hooters Pro Cup Series have appeared in the past.
Qualifying will be held on Friday, August 28, at 5:15 PM CST. The qualifying procedure used is a single-car, two-lap based system. Drivers will be on track by themselves and will have two laps to post a qualifying time, and whoever sets the fastest time will win the pole.
Adedokun Abolarin (born September 24, 1958) is a traditional ruler and a philanthropist. He is currently the Òràngún of Òkè-Ìlá-Òràngún in Ifedayo Local Government area of Osun State, Nigeria. He was installed as Oba on 8 December 2006. Abolarin was a practicing Lawyer before he was installed a traditional ruler, thus, the name, Oba Adedokun Omoniyi Abolarin, (Aroyinkeye 1) of Oke Ila.
Adedokun Abolarin's mother was Mary Ibiteye Abolarin. She was a teacher turned trader. She died in 2024 at the age of 92. Abolarin holds a BSc in Political Science from the University of Ife (now Obafemi Awolow University), and, MSc in International Relations. He also has LLB, BL (Law).
Meanwhile, Abolarin became a lecturer at the old Oyo State College of Arts and Science (OSCAS), Ile-Ife. He later studied law, and rose to become the legal adviser of the then Senate President of Nigeria, Anyim Pius Anyim.
Oba lost his wife, Olori Solape Christianah Abolarin in June 2025. She died in a hospital in Ibadan. She was a staff of the Ministry of Local Government and Chieftaincy Affairs in Osun State.
Adedokun Abolarin became a traditional ruler of Òkè-Ìlá-Òràngún in Ifedayo Local Government area of Osun State, Nigeria in December 2006. Oba Abolarin celebrated agricultural harvest of his community in 2025. He was on Facebook and showed pictures of the farm products as he stated, "the fruits of our labor are ripe! As Oke-Ila Orangun flourishes, its rich soil yields bountiful harvests of tobacco, pepper, and plantain." He encouraged his people to do more.
At the Osun Guber, Stakeholders renewing commitment to peaceful election process in July 2026, Oba enjoined for political tolerance and ideation for improving the standard of living of the people.
During COVID-19 in Nigeria, the news had it that Oba Adedokun Omoniyi Abolarin battled and survived COVID-19. The Oba confirmed this in an interview with the Society Now and stated, "It was then a surprise that I was caught up in the COVID web. I wondered how? And I didn't know until I got to the hospital, at the intensive care unit." And again, "About the COVID itself, a lot of people told me to keep it private and I said I would not. I can't. I am a traditional ruler, why must I make it private? A lot of our people don't believe that COVID is real. A lot of our people will tell you that there is no corona virus. Even in the palaces, they would tell me "Koro o si l'aafin" (there is no Coronavirus in the palace). I see the way our people walk around and I get scared. I'm scared of the possible carriers and the effect of their non-challance on public health. Health is wealth and I am not sure the extent to which we understand that cliché in Nigeria. Health is wealth and public health is important. That is why I felt that I should tell my story." Oba was in the intensive care unit in Osogbo for about eight days then at Babcock for 12 days before he recovered. In another development, Oba stated that COVID-19 is real and urged everyone to take their health seriously with the vaccine.
Oba Dr. Adedokun Abolarin established Abolarin School in 2014. According to Premium Times Nigeria, the school official website has it that "It is a desire fueled by the desire to ensure that the rights of a child to education irrespective of the social status of the child is met. A child's future should not be determined by where the child is born but by the ability of the child to put into maximum use the talents that God gives. Therefore, every child born into this world should be empowered through effective, functional and quality education." The school admits only indigcnt children. It was said that after ten years after the establishment of Abolarin College in Oke- Ila, Osun State, it still operates on the "free and quality education for the poor but brilliant students and prospects."
Oba Abolarin established Abolarin College. He teaches history and government in the school as well gives the students a sense of belonging. which took children "away from the motor parks and streets where they previously hawked pepper, sachet water, fruits etc. and from the farms where the young minds toiled under the hot sun weeding, planting and making mounds. Orphans, hawkers, child labourers, delinquents, sons of farmers, petty traders, and the homeless sit side by side in averagely equipped classrooms of Abolarin College in their neat uniforms and clean environment listening, and learning." The Governor of Osun State, Ademola Adeleke described him as a promoter of human capital development and the growth of Osun state.
Oba has publications. He carried out a research on 1914 amalgamation to recent times, in which he evaluated component elements of federal, regional/state, and local government administration. He wrote the work analyzed the Nigerian foreign policy, political parties, and pressure groups.
The 2026–27 Malaysia FA Cup was the 36th edition of the Malaysia FA Cup, a knockout competition for Malaysian association football clubs. The FA Cup is the main domestic cup competition for men's football teams in Malaysia. The tournament proper starting on 1 September 2026. The winners, if eligible, would be assured a place in the 2027–28 AFC Champions League Two group stage.
The FA Cup is a knockout competition with 16 teams taking part all trying to reach the final at Bukit Jalil National Stadium on 16 January 2027. The competition consisted of 12 teams from the Super League and 4 teams from A1 Semi-Pro League.
The Malaysian Football League (MFL) announced a same format where only 16 teams will be involved in this competition. The final stages of the competition would feature a format change: The round of 16, quarter-finals and semi-finals will be played two legs (home & away), except for the final which was played as a single leg. Accordingly, if in a two-legged tie two teams scored the same number of aggregate goals, the winner of the tie would not be decided by the number of away goals scored by each team but always by 30 minutes of extra time, and if the two teams scored the same number of goals in extra time, the winner would be decided by a penalty shoot-out.
Pot B contained the final standings of 9th until 12th placed teams from 2025–26 Super League, and the 4 teams selected from 2026–27 A1 Semi-Pro League, based on subject approval from the MFL Board of Directors.
A total of 16 teams played in the Round of 16. Ties were scheduled to be played in the week commencing August 2026. The first legs were played on 1 and 2 September, and the second legs were played on 8 and 9 September 2026.
The 2026-27 Liga Puerto Rico Pro season is the eighth professional season of the top-flight football league in Puerto Rico. It is the league's fifth season to be divided into two championships: the Apertura and the Clausura, each in an identical format and each contested by eight teams. The season was played in a round robin style, with the top four 4 making the playoffs.
A total of 9 clubs will participate in the Apertura 2026–27 edition of the Liga Puerto Rico Pro. Guayama FC and FC Mayaguez was announced to not be returning.
The 33rd Mississippi Infantry Regiment was a unit of the Confederate States Army in the American Civil War. Formed in 1862, the regiment fought in numerous battles of the Western theater before surrendering in April, 1865.
The 33rd Mississippi Infantry was organized at Grenada in April, 1862. The first major action of the regiment was the Second Battle of Corinth in October, where General John Villepigue reported: "the Thirty-third Mississippi, Colonel D. W. Hurst commanding charged the entrenchments and drove the enemy from then in gallant style." However, the Confederate attempts to recapture the heavily-fortified town of Corinth were unsuccessful, and the Southern forces withdrew after being defeated there.
In 1863 the regiment joined the Vicksburg Campaign, opposing Union attempts to take the strategic city during Steele's Bayou expedition. The 33rd later clashed with Union general Ulysses S. Grant's forces near Vicksburg, but the regiment was outside the city's defensive lines when it fell on July 4, and fought as part of General Joseph E. Johnston's forces at the state capital of Jackson later that month.
In 1864 the regiment moved to Georgia and took part in the Atlanta campaign, as Union general William T. Sherman's Union forces fought with Confederate forces in the city's vicinity. The 33rd fought at Resaca, New Hope Church, Kennesaw Mountain, and Peachtree Creek, where commanding officer Colonel Jabez L. Drake was killed, along with 158 others from the regiment killed, wounded, or captured.
During the Battle of Franklin in November, 1864, the regimental flag was captured during an unsuccessful Confederate assault on an entrenched Union position. After the Franklin-Nashville Campaign in Tennessee, the regiment only had 85 officers and soldiers fit for duty. In 1865 the 33rd was sent to take part in the Carolinas Campaign, and was consolidated with the remnants of the 1st & 22nd Mississippi Regiments, along with the 1st Mississippi Sharpshooters Battalion. This combined force surrendered on April 26, 1865, at Greensboro, North Carolina.
The 2026 Le Gruyère AOP European Curling Championships will be held from October 27 to November 1 in Ostrava, Czech Republic. As a part of the 2026–2030 Olympic cycle restructuring, this event will no longer be a qualifier to the World Championships instead it will be a standalone event. As a part of this restructuring the B–Division and C–Division have been eliminated. Originally ten teams of each gender were going to compete, but this was later expanded to twelve teams. These championships will feature two six-team round-robin groups per gender, with the top two teams from each group advancing to the playoffs.
Ashtree Farm Mill is a Grade II listed tower mill at Great Yarmouth, Norfolk, United Kingdom. Built in 1912, it worked until 1953 when the windshaft snapped in a storm. The mill was restored in 2008.
Ashtree Farm Mill was built in 1912 by Smithdale's, millwrights of Acle, Norfolk for the Ecclesiastical Commissioners. The mill was built on the foundations of an earlier mill. It worked until 1 February 1953, when the windshaft snapped during a storm. The mill was listed Grade II on 25 September 1962. Arthur C. Smith surveyed the mill on 17 September 1973. He described it as a derelict tower with the remains of its cap, retaining its machinery. He surveyed it again on 14 July 1987. By that date, the cap was missing. Smith noted that a lease to the Norfolk Windmills Trust was being negotiated. The mill was restored between 2005 and 2008 by Richard Seago, millwright of South Walsham, Norfolk.
Ashtree Farm Mill is a three storey tower mill. The tower is about 26 feet (7.9 m) tall. The mill is 34 feet (10 m) tall to the top of the cap. It is 10 feet (3.0 m) diameter internally at ground floor level, and 14 feet (4.3 m) diameter externally. It has a boat shaped cap with a petticoat. The cap runs on a live curb. Four double Patent sails are carried in a cast iron windshaft. The sails have seven bays of three shutters, and a span of 40 feet (12 m). The mill is winded by a six-blade fantail. The windshaft carries a cast iron brake wheel. This drives the cast iron wallower at the top of the wooden upright shaft. A wooden crown wheel at the bottom of the upright shaft drove a wooden pit wheel of clasp arm construction. This drove the 15 feet 0 inches (4.57 m) diameter cast iron scoopwheel, which has 24 paddles 7 inches (180 mm) wide. The crown wheel and pit wheel were later replaced by cast iron items from Burgh Mill, near Acle, that were cast by Daniel England, millwright of Ludham, Norfolk in 1896. With the sails turning at 15rpm, the scoopwheel turned at 105rpm and lifted 8 tons (1,792 imperial gallons (8,150 L)) of water per minute.
The 2026–27 James Madison Dukes women's basketball team will represent James Madison University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Dukes, led by eleventh-year head coach Sean O'Regan, will play their home games at the Atlantic Union Bank Center in Harrisonburg, Virginia and compete as a member of the Sun Belt Conference.
The Dukes finished the 2025–26 season 26–9 overall and 14–4 in Sun Belt play, to finish in a tie for third in the conference with Arkansas State. As the No. 4 seed in the Sun Belt tournament, they earned a bye to the quarterfinals, where they defeated No. 12 South Alabama 79–54 to advance to the semifinal game. They then routed top-seeded Georgia Southern 81–53, the largest margin of victory of any game in the tournament, to advance to their fourth consecutive championship game. Finally, the Dukes defeated No. 2 Troy 69–52 to once again capture the Sun Belt title and earn the conference's at-large bid to the NCAA tournament, both for the first time since 2023.
In the tournament, the Dukes were seeded No. 12 in the Fort Worth #3 Regional. They lost in the first round to No. 5 seed and No. 16 nationally ranked Kentucky in the first round by a score of 56–71.
Algeria–Uzbekistan relations refer to the bilateral relations between Algeria and Uzbekistan. Algeria recognized the independence of Uzbekistan and established diplomatic relations on June 30, 1992. Algeria has an embassy in Tashkent. Uzbekistan is accredited to Algeria through its embassy in Cairo.
On June 11, 2026, Uzbek foreign minister, Bakhtiyor Saidov, travelled to Algiers and met with Algerian president, Abdelmadjid Tebboune, where the two discussed deepening trade, political dialogue, and multilateral ties. Saidov also met with Minister of Foreign Affairs of Algeria, Ahmed Attaf, where they both discussed ways to strengthen cooperation between trade and economic and investment cooperation. They also spoke about how the two nations could deepen ties on cooperation between culture and humanitarianism. Both nations also signed a memorandum of understanding between each other, as well as an agreement on the two between mutual exemption of holders of diplomatic passports from visa requirements. Saidov had also met with Minister of Foreign Trade and Export Promotion of Algeria, Kamel Rezig, about increasing trade turnover.
On August 21, 2026, Algerian ambassador to Uzbekistan, Jamila Achour, met with Deputy Foreign Minister of Uzbekistan, Bakhromjon Aloyev, in Tashkent, and discussed expanding bilateral ties between the two nations, specifically in the field of trade.
The 17th Seoul International Drama Awards (Korean: 제17회 서울 드라마 어워즈) was held on September 17–22, 2022 (2022-09-17 – 2022-09-22) in Seoul. Organized by the Seoul Drama Awards Organizing Committee and the Korean Broadcasters Association, the event was supported by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, the Seoul Metropolitan Government, and major networks including KBS, MBC, SBS, EBS, and CBS, with sponsorship from Idol Champ and SBA. This edition featured 225 entries from 39 countries competing for awards.
On June 10, 2007, two shootings in a school and an estate in Balsillas, Colombia left a total of 6 dead and 3 injured, the shooters 21-year-old Yeimer Alberto Jiménez Rodríguez and 20-years old Jair Farfán Moore were arrested after trying to escape.
Colombia registered a critic increase of false positives murders between 2000 and 2009, with the murders peaking in 2002–2008, with at least 6,402 victims in the country.
On June 10, 2007, civilians were attending at a San Pedrito party inside the Guillermo Ríos Mejía school, two soldiers, Yeimer Alberto Jiménez and Jair Farfán Moor deserted their military base and attended to the party while drunk.
The soldiers asked Marlene Berrío, the school principal, for more alcohol, but she refused, arguing that they were already drunk, they then opened fire with their duty weapons in the schoolyard, killing Marlene Berrío, Jair Giraldo and Lucas Corredor; two other men were injured but survived by playing dead. After the shooting, both soldiers escaped to the estate "La blanca"; in the estate they yelled asking for money and the keys of a motorbike. After being denied, they forced their entrance were a marriage who previously attended the party were sleeping. Inside they killed Miller Velásquez, his wife Melania Bentacur and his son Alejandro Velásquez. They also injured the second son of the family, who managed to escape. Hours later they were arrested by the military.
The UN released a statement condemning the crime and calling for an investigation, as well as the implementation of necessary measures to prevent similar acts.
Both soldiers were arrested and charged with aggravated murder and illegal possession of firearms exclusively of military use. On August 29, 2007, they were found guilty and sentenced to 40 years in prison. According to the judge, the fact that they were active soldiers and their duty was to protect the community aggravated their crimes.
In June 2009, it was reported that Merlin Berrio's daughter, Claudia, had been fighting for more sanctions in the case, especially against the commander of the military base where both soldiers were stationed. Although the United Nations, the Ombudsman's Office, and the Human Rights Commission of the House of Representatives were involved in these complaints, by 2009 there had still been no resolution.
The 2026 US Open mixed doubles event was held on August 24–26. It was the 138th time a mixed doubles competition was contested at the US Open.
Qualifiers were introduced to the format this year to give doubles specialists a chance to compete in the tournament after their exclusion in the previous edition. Qualification matches take place on August 24. The qualifying draw consists of six direct entries and two wild cards, with two teams earning a spot in the main draw.
16 teams were initially announced as entering the tournament on July 27, with 13 additional entrants being announced on August 3. The following 7 teams received direct entry based on their combined singles rankings as of Monday, August 17; 4 of them were seeded.
The 2026 Copa Uruguay (officially known as Copa AUF Uruguay 2026), is the fifth edition of the Copa Uruguay, the country's national football cup tournament. The tournament is played from 25 August to December 2026 with 44 teams participating. The winners will qualify for the 2027 Copa Libertadores.
For this season, the competition features a change of format while also expanding to 44 teams: all 16 teams from Liga AUF Uruguaya, 8 from Segunda División, 8 from Primera División Amateur, 2 from Divisional D and 10 clubs from the Copa Nacional de Clubes organized by the Organización del Fútbol del Interior (OFI).
The first stage, which is contested by 32 clubs, was split into two paths: one for professional clubs and another one for amateur clubs. In the professional side, the 24 clubs from the first and second tier leagues were drawn into six groups of four teams in which teams will play their group rivals once, with the top two teams in each group as well as the four best third-placed sides advancing to the next round, whilst the amateur path will have the eight Primera División Amateur clubs, which were drawn into four single-match ties, with the winners advancing to the next round.
For the second stage, the professional and amateur paths will remain separated, with the Divisional D and OFI clubs joining the four amateur winners from the previous round. In both paths, the 16 participating clubs will be drawn into eight single-match ties, with the winners advancing to the round of 16. Starting from that round, the professional and amateur teams will be able to play each other, playing a straight knockout competition, and amateur sides will be granted home advantage. The semi-finals and the final will be played on neutral ground.
The winners of the competition will qualify for the 2027 Copa Libertadores through the Uruguay 4 berth, granting them access to the first stage of the continental competition, provided that they play in the top tier in 2027. If the champions do not fulfill this criterion, or have already qualified for the Copa Libertadores through league performance, the berth will be awarded to the best-placed team in the aggregate table of the 2026 Liga AUF Uruguaya that has not yet qualified.
44 clubs take part in this season's Copa Uruguay competition: the 16 from Liga AUF Uruguaya and 8 from Segunda División which were the top clubs in the league based on their performance at halfway point, for a total of 24 professional clubs. The competition will also feature 20 amateur teams, those being eight from Primera División Amateur, the top two clubs that failed to promote in the previous Divisional D season, and 10 from the Copa Nacional de Clubes organized by the Organización del Fútbol del Interior (OFI), which were the eight clubs that qualified for the quarter-finals of the 2026 Divisional A tournament as well as two play-off winners.
The first stage, named eliminatory stage, was split into two paths: one for professional clubs and another one for amateur sides. The professional clubs were drawn into six groups of four, with the top two teams of each group as well as the four best third-placed sides advancing to the second stage, while in the amateur path the eight Primera División Amateur teams were drawn into four ties, with the winners advancing to the following round of the competition.
25th Anniversary Retrospective is a compilation album by American singer and actress Judy Garland released in 1995 by Capitol Records, in memory of the artist's untimely death in 1969. The album includes 25 tracks from Garland's Capitol albums, as well as several songs from M-G-M Records soundtracks .
Hi-Fi News & Record Review called the album "categorically, the best single disc Garland collection yet", praising its selection of "twenty-five classics" and its "superb" 48-page booklet. The review also noted the inclusion of "Over the Rainbow", "Easter Parade", and the duet with Liza Minnelli.
The album was nominated for Best Album Notes at the 38th Annual Grammy Awards in 1996. The nomination placed Garland alongside renowned artists such as Ella Fitzgerald (Ella: The Legendary Decca Recordings), Carmen McRae (I'll Be Seeing You: A Tribute to Carmen McRae), Louis Armstrong (Let's Do It: Best of the Verve Years) and the winner The Complete Stax/Volt Soul Singles, Vol. 3: 1972–1975 by various artists.
Capitalism, Socialism and the Environment (1976) is a non-fiction book by Australian historian Hugh Stretton. It was originally published in England by Cambridge University Press.
The book was the winner of the 1976 The Age Book of the Year Awards – Non-Fiction Award, and co-winner of the The Age Book of the Year with A Late Picking: Poems 1965–1974 by A. D. Hope.
The author of this volume described it as a "book about the distribution of environmental goods: the shares that go to rich and poor in the developed democracies of Europe, North America, Japan and Australasia.
In a review of the book for The Canberra Times Warwick Bracken noted that it concentrates "exclusively on the developed western economies. The Third World is somehow assumed not to exist, or not to matter, or to have its future determined by the developed countries anyhow." The review concluded that the volume was "a vigorous, provocative presentation of the issues within a Leftist ideology."
The building was built between 1857 and 1860 on the Harrington Estate. Despite originally intended to be designed by Charles James Richardson the job was instead given to John Tarring, whose design provided larger mansions, the tower facing Queen's Gate reaching 30m.
The buildings are rendered in a stucco Italianate style. Building News described the buildings as they neared their completion as an exemplary set of houses, publishing that they "may be fairly classed with the best specimens of domestic architecture around London, both in respect to their artistic treatment, and workmanship."
The 1969 NASCAR Pacific Coast Late Model Division was the 16th season of the series. The title was won by Ray Elder, his first in the series.
The 1969 season included 20 individual races, although San Gabriel Valley Speedway, Sears Point International Raceway, Evergreen Speedway, andYakima Speedway hosted two races each. The race at Riverside International Raceway and the race at Texas World Speedway were in combination with the NASCAR Grand National Series.
The 2026–27 season is the 98th season in the history of SC Rheindorf Altach, and the club's thirteenth consecutive season in the Austrian Football Bundesliga. In addition to the domestic league, the team is scheduled to participate in the Austrian Cup.
The 2026 Rhode Island Rams football team will represent the University of Rhode Island as a member of the Coastal Athletic Association Football Conference (CAA Football) during the 2026 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Rams will be led by thirteenth-year head coach Jim Fleming and will play their home games at Centreville Bank Stadium in Pawtucket, Rhode Island.
The 2001–2002 EHF Women's Champions League was the 9th edition of the modern era of the EHF's premier competition for women's handball clubs, and the 42nd overall.
The 1977 Six Hours of Silverstone, officially named the Kosset World Manufacturers 6 Hours, Silverstone, was the third race of the 1977 World Championship for Makes. It took place at the Silverstone Circuit, Great Britain on 15 May 1977. It was open to Group 5 Special Production cars, Group 4 GT cars, Group 3 GTs, Group 2 Touring Cars, and Group 1 Touring Production cars.
The race was won by Jochen Mass and Jacky Ickx driving a works Porsche 935/77; it was the first victory for the new 1977 variant of the 935. As with most races during this time, it was dominated by Porsche, with 13 of the 14 top finishers being Porsches. Fastest non-Porsche was the 2-litre BMW 320i driven by Swede Ronnie Peterson and German Helmut Kelleners, qualifying seventh and finishing in fourth.
The works, Martini-liveried Porsche was a new build; the first 935/77 had been deemed beyond repair after its crash at Mugello two months earlier. The new car was mostly identical, the only change on the twin-turbo, 650 PS (478 kW; 641 hp) 935 being minor modifications to the intercooler openings ahead of the front wheels. Taking pole and winning the race was sweet revenge for the previous year, when damaging the clutch in the start meant Ickx and Mass finished 51 laps down on the winning BMW. The only cars to challenge Porsche's dominance in Group 5 were the BMW 320i of Peterson/Kelleners, and the single, privateer Aston Martin V8. The Aston Martin was entered as a test session ahead of Le Mans 24 Hours, the car's main aspiration.
Fastest of the non-works Porsche 935s was the Kremer Racing car driven by Bob Wollek and John Fitzpatrick, in spite of their car having been severely damaged when it crashed with the Martini Porsche 935/77 at Mugello. Kremer had rebuilt the damaged chassis, which exhibited different handling characteristics in left- and right-hand turns as a result. Kremer simply installed rear wings which were different side-to-side to counteract this. Next fastest were the two cars entered by Georg Loos' Gelo Racing team, the first car driven by Stommelen and Hezemans and the second by Schenken and Bell. The Schenken/Bell car's engine broke down partway through qualifying and they borrowed a used one from the Facetti/Finotto 935 fielded by the Jolly Club team. The used engine blew up in spectacular fashion, however, after 61 laps. The last 935 to start was a new entry, in the form of a Kremer-tuned car entered by Kannacher and driven by Franz Konrad and Peter Hähnlein.
The only real Porsche competitor was the Peterson/Kelleners BMW 320i. This was not a works car, rather a Faltz-prepared machine built for Germany's G5 championship. Peterson set the seventh fastest qualifying time, behind the six Porsche 935s and ahead of a gaggle of 934s, even though he had to keep the engine below 9,000 rpm, well below the 9,800 redline. There were also numerous Ford Capri IIIs starting in the Series Production Touring (Group 1) category, as well as the one Aston Martin V8 fielded by Robin Hamilton with a minimum of factory support. The car was designed to race in GT (Group 4) and its bodywork was only minimally altered. After qualifying, however, it became apparent that the car needed a significantly larger rear wing to deal with high speed instability and the car thus had to be reclassified in Group 5. The V8 engine gave a "glorious Can-Am sound" and 520 bhp (388 kW) at 6,500 rpm, but being large and very heavy at 1.5 t (3,310 lb) it only managed to qualify in 15th position, out of 31 starters. No matter, this race was essentially a practice run for the upcoming 24 Hours of Le Mans. The Aston was painted red/white/blue, representing the Union Jack, in honour of Queen Elizabeth. The Jolly Club team, aside from the Porsche 935 starting in fifth, also fielded a Ford Escort Mk II RS 1800, fitted with a two-litre, Novamotor-tuned Cosworth BDA engine and starting in the Group 5 category. While qualifying 11th, much faster than several much more powerful Porsche 911 Carrera RSRs and the aforementioned Aston Martin, their race ended early with broken steering.
One significant change over the previous year was that the cars were given a rolling start, behind the Rover 3500 pace car, which helped eliminate the risk of a repeat clutch failure for the Martini Porsche. Unlike the previous year, Mass was the starting driver, and he took the lead from the get go. The privateer entries remained in contact with Mass however, with Wollek and Stommelen battling for second - until Wollek had to make an unplanned pit stop for new tires on lap 32 and Stommelen briefly had a clear track. Stommelen then hit a hare, damaging the nose cowl and blocking a brake cooling duct, slowing him down in turn. While Mass was not much faster, these minor issues, coupled with less precise pit stops, allowed the factory team to begin building up a lead and also let Finotto/Fachetti move up to second place. The Kremer team also had a wheel gun damaged by a loose nut early on and had to change the nuts on this wheel manually for the remainder of the race. After a while, however, the Kremer and GeLo cars made their way back past the Jolly Club car, whle Peterson and Kelleners had climbed to fifth through a steady, uneventful run.
A little past the four-hour mark, the works car had to make a stop to change brake pads; these had been wearing out quicker than unexpected, likely a result of the finned wheel covers although these were designed to cool down the brakes. The stop took three-and-a-half minutes, enough to put the Kremer car into the lead. Mass then passed Wollek when the latter stopped for fuel, only to have this reversed when the Porsche had to refuel. Mass' pace then allowed him to pass on the track on the 203rd lap, holding on to this lead until the end. When there was a sudden heavy downpour near the end, Mass stayed out on slicks while everyone else pitted, putting up a series of fast laps in wet conditions. When the Porsche team eventually forced him in to change to rain tires, he had built up a three-lap lead.
Peterson/Kelleners made their way past the Jolly Club 935 to finish the race in fourth, after the Kremer and GeLo entries. The Aston Martin V8, meanwhile, ran until the end but was not classified, having finished only 115 laps beacuse of an oil leak in the differential, caused by overheating. One team of brave amateurs, British motoring journalists Clive Richardson and Jeremy Walton, took part in a Samuri Conversions-prepped Datsun 240Z on a minimal budget (they did not have even spare tyres). The car was a five-year old example with more than 100,000 km (62,000 mi) on the clock, having been bought from a fish-and-chip shop owner not long before the race. The team was black flagged on three occasions for sloshing fuel across the track from a faulty breather, losing over half an hour (14-15 laps) in the pits. They went on with the race but were not classified in the end, having finished the race four laps shy of the cutoff, still on the same slicks they had been using since the start.
Alexander Courtney is an English historian and teacher whose research and published works concern the reign of King James VI and I and the correspondence of his mother, Mary, Queen of Scots.
Alexander Courtney studied history at Selwyn College, Cambridge, and gained a PhD in 2008 with a thesis titled Court politics and the kingship of James VI & I, c. 1615–c. 1622. Courtney has taught history at Tonbridge School, the Haberdashers' Boys' School at Elstree, and The Perse School in Cambridge.
Courtney, Estelle Paranque, and Michael Questier, are preparing a publication, The Secret Correspondence of Mary Queen of Scots, which will explore the correspondence of Mary, Queen of Scots, and include the new texts discovered by the cryptoanalyst George Lasry and his colleagues Norbert Biermann, and Satoshi Tomokiyo.
"The Secret Correspondence of James VI, 1601-3", in Susan Doran and Paulina Kewes, Doubtful and dangerous: The question of the succession in late Elizabethan England (Manchester, 2014).
The 2026–27 Regional Handball League is the inaugural season of the Regional Handball League. Ten teams from Montenegro, North Macedonia, and Serbia are participating in this year's competition.
The 10 teams will be split into two groups of five teams and play a double round-robin, with each team playing the others twice, once at home and once away. The top two teams in each group will advance to the Final Four.
In the 2009-10 season, Al Shorta competed in the Iraqi Premier League. They qualified to the elite stage, and were very close to reaching the semi-finals. They were 2-0 up to Al Najaf knowing that a win could qualify them, but they drew the game 2-2 and Al Talaba qualified one point ahead of them.
The 20th Annual Seoul International Drama Awards (Korean: 제20회 서울 드라마 어워즈) festival was held on October 2, 2025 at KBS Hall, Yeouido, Seoul. The host is the Seoul Drama Awards Organizing Committee (Korean Broadcasters Association), and the event is supported by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, the Seoul Metropolitan Government, KBS, MBC, SBS, EBS, and CBS. The sponsor is IDOLCHAMP and MUGEN. 101 entries from 50 countries vied for awards in this edition. Hosted by Ok Taec-yeon and Jang Do-yeon.
Local elections was held in the Municipality of Makati on November 13, 1951, within the 1951 Philippine local elections, during the administration of President Elpidio Quirino. The voters elected for the elective local posts in the town: the mayor, vice mayor, and the eight-member local municipal council. The municipality of Makati was then under the jurisdiction of the 1st congressional district of the Province of Rizal. The elections for the district representatives were held in 1949.
Incumbent Makati mayor Jose D. Villena is running for his fifth term, having been elected in every mayoral election from 1934 to 1947. Villena is a staunch candidate of the Nacionalista Party. He selected former councilor Pedro Reyes as his running mate. His challenger for mayor was incumbent vice mayor and erstwhile ally Atty. Tomas Baluyut, who had defected to the Liberal Party, with Bernardo Umali as his running mate.
Eulogio S. Rodriguez Jr. won as 1st congressional district representative against three other contenders, among them incumbent congressman Ignacio Santos-Diaz. The election for this position was held on November 8, 1949. This district holds jurisdiction over the Municipality of Makati.
Liberal's candidate Isidro de Leon was originally proclaimed as the 8th and final winning councilor on November 18, 1951. On April 12, 1952, or four months and twenty-four days after de Leon's proclamation, Fortunato Gutierrez of the Nacionalista Party, who placed 9th in the municipal council race, filed a petition in the Commission on Elections alleging that due to a mistake in addition the municipal board of canvassers credited de Leon with 3,160 votes when in fact he obtained only 3,060 votes, whereas Gutierrez obtained 3,098 votes, or a majority of 38 votes over de Leon. Respondent petitioned that the municipal board of canvassers be ordered to make a new canvass and a new proclamation declaring him the eighth councilor-elect instead.
On May 26, 1952, de Leon filed a motion to dismiss alleging among other things that the Commission on Elections has no power to order the correction asked for on the ground that the period within which it could be made has already prescribed. This motion was denied and the Commission directed the municipal board of canvassers to reconvene and recanvass the election returns as earlier petitioned for, and, having found that Gutierrez had polled more votes than de Leon, proclaimed the former as the eighth councilor-elect of Makati.
De Leon appealed to the Supreme Court of the Philippines for the reversal of COMELEC's decision. The High Court granted his petition on March 30, 1954, thereby reinstating the original proclamation on November 18, 1951, putting him back as the eighth councilor-elect of Makati.
Villena was suspended by President Elpidio Quirino on June 19, 1953, due to alleged misconduct. He was succeeded as mayor by Councilor Ignacio Babasa, after the incumbent vice mayor, Bernardo Umali, was also suspended by the Makati Municipal Council, as a result of a separate case filed against him and councilor Abundio Suck. Umali eventually succeeded Babasa as acting mayor in 1954. Villena will run for the mayoral post four more times: in 1955, 1959, 1963, 1967, in which he lost all times to Maximo Estrella.
Local elections was held in the Municipality of Makati on November 8, 1955, within the 1955 Philippine local elections, during the administration of President Ramon Magsaysay. The voters elected for the elective local posts in the town: the mayor, vice mayor, and the eight-member local municipal council. The municipality of Makati was then under the jurisdiction of the 1st congressional district of the Province of Rizal. The elections for the district representatives were held in 1953.
Incumbent Makati mayor Jose D. Villena is running for his sixth term, having been elected in every mayoral election from 1934 to 1951. Villena was suspended by President Elpidio Quirino on June 19, 1953, due to alleged misconduct. He was succeeded as mayor by Councilor Ignacio Babasa, after the incumbent vice mayor, Bernardo Umali, was also suspended by the Makati Municipal Council, as a result of a separate case filed against him and councilor Abundio Suck. Umali eventually succeeded Babasa as acting mayor in 1954.
At the time, Philippine politics was under the Two-party system, dominated by the Liberals and Nacionalistas, with the Democratic Party posing as a strong third political party.
Eulogio S. Rodriguez Jr. won re-election 1st congressional district representative against two other contenders. The election for this position was held on November 10, 1953. This district holds jurisdiction over the Municipality of Makati.
Sabalenka, Elena Rybakina, Jessica Pegula and Coco Gauff are in contention for the WTA No. 1 singles ranking. Rybakina can attain the No. 1 ranking regardless of other results if she reaches the semifinals. Sabalenka can retain it, or Pegula and Gauff can attain it only if they win the title and Rybakina fails to reach the semifinals.
The following are the seeded players. Seedings are based on WTA rankings as of August 24, 2026. Rankings and points before are as of August 31, 2026.
Because the tournament takes place one week later this year, players are defending points from the 2025 US Open, as well as tournaments that took place during the week of September 8, 2025 (Guadalajara and Ljubljana WTA 125). Points from the 2025 US Open are listed first in the "Points defending" column.
The 1978 ABC Under-18 Championship was the fifth edition of the Asian Basketball Confederation (ABC)'s junior championship. The tournament was hosted by the Philippines from October 1 to 14, 1978 in Rizal Memorial Coliseum in Manila and Araneta Coliseum in Quezon City (both cities in Metro Manila), and was held at the sidelines of the 1978 FIBA World Championship. The competition also served as the qualifier for the maiden FIBA Under-19 World Championship, where FIBA Asia has been allocated of two slots.
The Philippines successfully defended their title by sweeping all of their assignments, en route to their fifth straight title, capped by 83-62 victory over China on the final day of competition.
The 1900 Mid Armagh by-election was a parliamentary by-election held for the United Kingdom House of Commons constituency of Mid Armagh on 1 October 1900. The vacancy arose because of the resignation of the sitting member Dunbar Barton, of the Irish Unionist Alliance.
The 1900 South Mayo by-election was a parliamentary by-election held for the United Kingdom House of Commons constituency of South Mayo on 28 February 1900. The vacancy arose because of the resignation of the sitting member Michael Davitt, of the Irish Parliamentary Party.
The 2026 Vuelta a España is a three-week cycling race which will take place in Monaco, France, Andorra and Spain. It was the 81st edition of the Vuelta a España and the third and final grand tour of the 2026 men's road cycling season. It started on 22 August in Monaco, and will finish on 13 September in Granada.
At the Dam is a solo studio album by American harpist Mary Lattimore. It was released on March 4, 2016, through Ghostly International. It received generally favorable reviews from critics.
Mary Lattimore is an American harpist originally from Asheville, North Carolina. In 2014, she received a fellowship from the Pew Center for Arts & Heritage. She used the grant to fund a road trip across the United States and created At the Dam with her harp and laptop. The album contains five tracks, clocking in at 44 minutes. The album's title is taken from an essay in Joan Didion's book, The White Album (1979), about the Hoover Dam. The album was released on March 4, 2016, through Ghostly International. Music videos were released for "Otis Walks into the Woods" and "Jimmy V".
According to the review aggregator Metacritic, At the Dam received "generally favorable reviews" based on a weighted average score of 77 out of 100 from 4 critic scores.
Paul Simpson of AllMusic wrote, "The album sounds as billowing and ethereal as one would expect from a solo harpist, but Lattimore's sense of experimentation gives her a distinctive sound, and At the Dam is simply a magnificent album." Kevin Lozano of Pitchfork stated, "On its face a seemingly modest project, At the Dam bursts with ambition and ideas, offering a meditation on the ever-evolving relationship Lattimore has to her instrument and the spaces she shares it with." Matthew Fiander of PopMatters commented that "Lattimore delivers a haunting, lasting performance, one that feels solitary but never spare, alone but never lonesome."
On Thursday 30 May 1929, the 1929 United Kingdom general election was held in England, to elect all 615 members of the House of Commons, with 492 constituencies being in England. 485 seats represented territorial constituencies contested under the first past the post electoral system, and seven additional seats represented the university constituencies. Three university constituencies returned two members through the single transferable vote electoral system and one returned one member by the first past the post system.
As a result of the election across the United Kingdom, the Labour Party held the most seats in the House of Commons for the first time, but without an overall majority in its own right. Ramsay MacDonald returned as Prime Minister at the head of the new minority Labour Government. The Liberal Party also regained several seats from its losses in the 1924 general election and held the balance of power.
The general election was the first in which women aged 21–29 had the right to vote (owing to the Representation of the People Act 1928). Women over 30, with some property qualifications, had been able to vote since the 1918 general election, but the 1929 poll was the first general election with universal suffrage for adults over 21, which was then the age of majority.
Although the Conservative Party maintained its position as having the greatest vote share in England at the election, the party won 221 seats in the county and borough constituencies. This was five fewer than the Labour Party, which had won an overall 226 seats, mainly from the Conservatives. However, combined with the five seats the Conservative Party retained in the university constituencies, it also have 226 seats in England. Nonetheless, the Labour party, despite not having the greatest vote share over the Conservatives in England, and with its seats in Scotland and Wales formed a minority government wth 287 seats.
Despite the increase in vote share for Labour at the election, Leader of the Labour Party Ramsay MacDonald moved seats from his constituency in Aberavon in Wales to the safer seat of Seaham, to avoid a potential highly embarrassing defeat due to the several local issues in the seat. The Conservatives, again in opposition, won a total 260 seats across the United Kingdom. This Labour Government would only last until 1931, however, following The Great Depression and lacking cabinet support. This would lead to the 1931 United Kingdom general election.
The Conservative Party did make one gain from the Labour Party in England, being the seat of Birmingham King's Norton, wherein Conservative candidate Lionel Beaumont-Thomas won seat from incumbent Robert Dennison by 491 votes.
The Liberal Party under David Lloyd George saw a small recovery from the the previous election. Much like Labour, it won seats primarily at the expense of the Conservative Party. From the Conservatives, the Liberal Party won Bedfordshire Mid, Luton, Huntingdonshire, Isle of Ely, Birkenhead East, Eddisbury, Bodmin, Cornwall North, Penryn and Falmouth, St Ives, South Molton, Dorset East, Harwich, Hereford, Ashford, Darwen, Blackley, Withington, Bosworth, Holland with Boston, Great Yarmouth, Norfolk East, Nottingham East, Eye in England. It also won one of the two seats in Preston. Additionally, from Labour, the Liberals won Bethnal Green North-East and Newcastle upon Tyne East
Although the resurgent Liberals won seats, the party also lost seats from Labour. The Liberals lost to Labour Chesterfield, South Shields, Walthamstow West, Bristol North, Bristol South, Kingston upon Hull Central, Hackney South, Lambeth North, Bradford East and Batley and Morley in England. The Party also lost one of the two seats in both Blackburn and Oldham. In Kingston upon Hull Central, Labour candidate Joseph Kenworthy retained the seat after the 1926 Kingston upon Hull Central by-election after Strabolgi had switched from being the Liberal member of the seat to the Labour Party. The retention and switch of party was therefore a gain for the Labour Party.
Amongst the seven Constitutionalist candidates that had won seats in the last election, all had either switched or returned to parties, and either won their seats or lost them to another party, or stood again but as independent candidates. The movement of such candidates - to bring about a reconciliation of the working relationship between the Conservatives and Liberal Party - had not come about, with candidates no longer running under that label. Hamar Greenwood in Walthamstow East had retaken the Conservative Whip, however did not re-contest the seat, which was consequently won by Labour at this election. Algernon Moreing in Camborne retook the Conservative whip, however lost the seat to the Liberal Party when re-contesting at this election. J. Hugh Edwards in Accrington and John Ward in Stoke-on-Trent both returned to the Liberal Party Whip, however they lost their seats against Labour when re-contesting.
However, three of the seven former-Constitutionalist candidates retained their seats. Abraham England in Heywood and Radcliffe rejoined the Liberal Party and retained his seat, representing a gain for the Liberals when compared to the previous election. In Epping, Winston Churchill, a former-Constitutionalist, former member of the Liberal Party and former Deputy Leader of the defunct National Liberal Party, was made the official candidate of the Conservative Party in that seat. His retention of the seat was a gain for the Conservatives (one of the only two in the entire United Kingdom at this election). Finally, Thomas Robinson retained Stretford, though he stood as an Independent candidate rather than joining or rejoining any party.
Both Robinson in Stretford and Robert Newman gaining a seat in Exeter were gains for the independents in England and across the United Kingdom at the election in territorial constituencies. Newman, who was a member in his seat in the previous election for the Conservatives, retained his seat as an independent in this election, representing a gain from the Conservatives. However, Labour gained Mossley from Austin Hopkinson by over 5,000 votes. Hopkinson would go on to return to Parliament in this seat in the next election.
Eleanor Rathbone won one of the two seats in the Combined English Universities constituency. The gain was from the Liberal Party from the previous sitting member H. A. L. Fisher. Fisher had resigned his seat following the last election, with Conservative Alfred Hopkinson winning the seat in the 1926 Combined English Universities by-election. However, Rathbone's win was a gain from the Liberal Party compared to the last election, along with Hopkinson not re-contesting the seat for the Conservatives. She would hold the seat until her death in 1946.
England's only Communist MP in Battersea North, Shapurji Saklatvala, lost his seat to Labour's William Sanders. Saklatvala would leave Parliament at this election, though attempt his seat again at the next election. Irish Nationalist and the then Father of the House T. P. O'Connor once again won his seat unopposed in Liverpool Scotland. O'Connor died six months after the election, causing the 1929 Liverpool Scotland by-election, at which Labour candidate David Logan won unopposed by any other candidate.
The 2026 Deliblato Sands wildfire is a catastrophic wildfire that is burning in the Deliblato Sands (Deliblatska Peščara), a special nature reserve in the South Banat District of Vojvodina, Serbia. The fire, which started on 21 July 2026 and spiraled out of control on 5 August, has engulfed over 3,500 hectares (8,600 acres) of the unique sandy landscape, often referred to as the "European Sahara". Hundreds of firefighters, members of the Serbian Emergency Management Sector, the Serbian Armed Forces, and volunteers have been involved in the firefighting effort, with assistance from a Russian Ilyushin Il-76 firefighting aircraft and helicopters from the European Union. The blaze is the worst in the Deliblato Sands since 1996, when 7,000 hectares (17,000 acres) burned.
The first fire in the Deliblato Sands was detected on 21 July 2026 using an early-detection video monitoring system. Firefighting teams quickly contained and extinguished it. However, new fires broke out on 26 July and 2 August, which were also brought under control.
At approximately 13:00 on 5 August 2026, a new fire broke out in the central zone of the reserve. Due to strong winds, which frequently changed direction, the fire rapidly expanded and surrounded firefighters, one of whom suffered minor injuries. From that point, the fire spread uncontrollably, affecting nearby hunting grounds.
Over the following weeks, the fire expanded further. By 17 August, one-third of the reserve's total area had burned. By 22 August, more than 3,500 hectares (8,600 acres) had burned, representing about 10% of the total area of the Deliblato Sands. Estimates of the affected area have varied from 3,500 to 10,000 hectares (8,600 to 24,700 acres).
The fire reached the outskirts of the settlements of Šumarak, Kajtasovo, Grebenac, and the hamlet of Trujino. Due to the danger, a state of emergency was declared in parts of the municipality of Bela Crkva, and the population of Trujino was evacuated. Residents of Grebenac fled amid dramatic scenes as the fire reached their yards.
Firefighting efforts have been severely hampered by dry weather, strong winds, and extreme temperatures reaching up to 40 °C (104 °F). Smoke from the Deliblato Sands reached as far as Timișoara in Romania, and the air in Vršac was heavily polluted, with a yellow haze and ash falling everywhere.
The exact cause of the fire has not been officially determined, but it is suspected to be the result of human activity, either negligence or arson. Similar fires in the past, including the catastrophic fire of 1996, were also attributed to human carelessness.
The fire has caused immense ecological damage to the Deliblato Sands, a unique habitat which is home to approximately 900 species of higher plants, many of which are relict and rare, as well as numerous rare bird and mammal species. Large areas of forest, steppe, and meadow have been destroyed.
Professor Nenad Petrović of the Faculty of Forestry at the University of Belgrade stated that the damage would likely be enormous, particularly in ecological terms, and that it would take years for the complex ecosystem to recover. He emphasized that recovery would require time, money, and expertise, and that the consequences of a forest fire cannot be remedied by simple and quick interventions.
To help wildlife, the public enterprise Vojvodinašume opened the gates of all fenced hunting grounds so that animals could escape to areas not affected by the fire, and additional watering points were provided.
There have been no human fatalities, but one firefighter sustained minor injuries. No material damage to structures has been reported, but the ecological loss is considered incalculable.
Due to the prolonged and unsuccessful battle against the fire, Serbia activated the EU Civil Protection Mechanism. The European Union dispatched four RescEU Black Hawk helicopters – two from the Czech Republic, one from Slovakia, and one from Romania – as well as ground teams from Germany and Romania.
The Romanian ground intervention team, comprising 69 personnel and 15 vehicles, was dispatched to Serbia on 22 August. The Romanian S-70M Black Hawk helicopter is part of the European RescEU reserve. EU Commissioner for Equality, Preparedness and Crisis Management Hadja Lahbib confirmed the deployment.
Prior to that, Serbia received assistance from a Russian Ilyushin Il-76 firefighting aircraft, which made ten drops on 20 and 21 August, releasing a total of 420 tons of water. In total, five helicopters (three from the Serbian Ministry of Interior and two from the EU) have been engaged, dropping a total of 370 tons of water.
Interior Minister Ivica Dačić stated that Serbia had formally and informally inquired about the possibility of additional aircraft, and that the decision to engage the Russian aircraft was based on the assessment by the Emergency Situations Command, as it is a high-capacity aircraft (carrying about 42 tons of water) that can significantly assist in firefighting.
President of Serbia Aleksandar Vučić visited the affected area on 23 August. Prime Minister Đuro Macut and Interior Minister Ivica Dačić had previously visited the area. Prime Minister Macut stated that an improvement in weather conditions was expected within the next seven to ten days.
Local residents and volunteers have been actively involved in the firefighting effort, assisting and opening their homes to emergency crews. Many citizens and media outlets expressed concern over the scale of the fire and its ecological consequences.
Professor Petrović emphasized that this fire should serve as an impetus to review and improve the fire protection system, especially in light of climate change and prolonged periods of high temperatures, noting that it is much better and cheaper to have a robust early warning and prevention system.
Јелена Субин и Ива Гајић (22 August 2026). "'Као да ходам по вулкану, пожари избијају из земље': ББЦ у Делиблатској пешчари" ['As if I'm walking on a volcano, fires are erupting from the ground': BBC in Deliblato Sands]. BBC News на српском (in Serbian). Retrieved 23 August 2026.
Zlatan Kapic (22 August 2026). "Zemlje EU poslale helikoptere i timove za pomoć Srbiji u gašenju požara". Anadolu Agency (in Serbian). Retrieved 23 August 2026.
The 2026 Furman Paladins football team will represent Furman University as a member of the Southern Conference (SoCon) during the 2026 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Paladins will be led by tenth-year head coach Clay Hendrix and will play their home games at Paladin Stadium in Greenville, South Carolina.
The 2026 The Citadel Bulldogs football team will represent The Citadel as a member of the Southern Conference (SoCon) during the 2026 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Bulldogs will be led by fourth-year head coach Maurice Drayton and will play their home games at Johnson Hagood Stadium in Charleston, South Carolina.
The 2026 Full Protein Caldas da Rainha Ladies Open is an upcoming professional women's tennis tournament to be played on outdoor hard courts. It will be the seventh edition of the tournament and part of the 2026 WTA 125 tournaments. It will take place at the Municipal Tennis Complex in Caldas da Rainha, Portugal, between 14 and 20 September 2026.
The 2026 BBVA Open Internacional de Valencia is an upcoming professional women's tennis tournament to be played on outdoor clay courts. It will be the sixth edition of the tournament and part of the 2026 WTA 125 tournaments. It will take place in Valencia, Spain between 14 and 20 September 2026.
The 23rd Premios Juventud will be held on September 3, 2026, at the Starlite Auditorium in Marbella, Spain. The ceremony will recognizing the best in pop culture of young Hispanic and Latino Americans in 2026. This will be the first time that the ceremony will be held in Europe. It was simulcast by Univision, UniMás, Galavisión, and streamed on ViX.
The 2026 St Kilda Football Club season was the 128th season in which the St Kilda Football Club competed in the Australian Football League (AFL), and the club's 142nd season overall.
Coached by Ross Lyon in his seventh season in charge, the club was led for the first time by co-captains Callum Wilkie and Jack Sinclair, following the departure of longtime captain Jack Steele to Melbourne during the 2025 trade period.
Callum Wilkie and Jack Sinclair were named co-captains ahead of the season — the club's 64th and 65th captains respectively — with Nasiah Wanganeen-Milera, Marcus Windhager and Mitch Owens elevated to the leadership group for the first time alongside Mason Wood. Lenny Hayes was appointed the club's General Manager of Football during the off-season.
St Kilda played an unofficial match simulation against Gold Coast at People First Stadium on 19 February, before its AAMI Community Series match against Essendon at Mars Stadium, Ballarat, on 28 February.
The fixture for the 2026 season was released on 13 November 2025, with only the first 15 rounds released with dates and times for each match. The remainder of the fixture from round 16 was left as a floating fixture so as to prioritize the best matches for each round in prime-time slots, and dates were released progressively through the year.
St Kilda's fixture opened with back-to-back games at the MCG — against Collingwood in the Opening Round and Melbourne in Round 2 — before the club's first match at Marvel Stadium came in Round 4 against reigning premiers Brisbane Lions.
Co-captain Jack Sinclair suffered a serious calf injury in the opening minutes of the Round 15 win over the Western Bulldogs (Wikipedia note: originally reported as the round of injury; see reference), ending his season.
Alain de Libera was born on 27 September 1948 in Neuilly-sur-Seine, a northwestern suburb of Paris. He is a French philosopher and translator interested primarily in Averroes and medieval philosophy.
He studied at the Lycée Pasteur in Neuilly-sur-Seine where he completed the baccalauréat in 1971. He achieved the Agregation in Philosophy from the Sorbonne in 1972. He began teaching educational psychology at the École normale d’instituteurs (teaching college) in Quimper.
He entered the French National Centre for Scientific Research (CNRS) in 1975 as a research associate under the direction of Pierre Hadot, then joined the École pratique des hautes études (EPHE) as a research fellow in the 5th section of Religious Sciences.
Alain de Libera was promoted to Director of studies in the history of Christian theologies in the Medieval West. The position was formerly denominated as director of the history of doctrines and dogmas (held by Étienne Gilson), and then the history of medieval theologies (held by Paul Vignaux and René Roques) prior to its conception at the time of Libera's tenure. In 1997, he was appointed full professor—on secondment to the University of Geneva—to a chair in the History of Medieval Philosophy. In 2012, he was elected as a professor at the Collège de France, where he held a chair in the History of Medieval Philosophy until 2019. He is also a Fellow of the British Academy since 2012.
Over the course of his career, he has taught as lecturer, then associate professor at a number of institutions: Paris-Nanterre University, École normale supérieure, University of Padua, Universities of Fribourg and Neuchâtel in Switzerland, the Italian University of Lugano, and the State University of Rio de Janeiro. He was a guest professor at the University of Moscow and the Franco-Russian College at the University of Saint Petersburg. He has held the Francqui Chair for Foreigners (1993–1994, University of Liège, Belgium), the Cardinal-Mercier Chair (1997, Faculty of Philosophy, Catholic University of Louvain), the Étienne Gilson Chair (2000, Catholic Institute of Paris), the Perelmann Chair (2010, Free University of Brussels), the Guest Professor for French Literature and Culture (2012, Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich.)
He co-directed the "Études de philosophie médiévale" series (founded by Étienne Gilson) and subsequently the "Sic et non" series at Librairie philosophique J. Vrin. He later co-directed the "Vestigia" series at Éditions du Cerf and became an editorial consultant for the New Synthese Historical Library at Kluwer Academic Publishers (Dordrecht/Boston/London). A member of the editorial board of the Archives d’histoire littéraire et doctrinale du Moyen Âge, he co-directed the "Des travaux" series at Éditions du Seuil and became a member of the editorial board of the Revue de métaphysique et de morale, followed by the editorial board of Critique.
According to philosopher Frédéric Nef, "The title of Penser au Moyen Âge (in English: "Thinking about the Middle Ages") articulates the ambiguity of its agenda: the author—a medievalist and historian of philosophy—seeks to reflect on our attitude toward the Middle Ages and to trace the conditions that gave rise to what is termed the 'experience of thought' in the 13th century. This period centered on the condemnations of 1277, which marked the Church's determination to oppose an overly radical Aristotelianism—specifically, the notion that human beatitude could be attained through the philosophical life." According to the author, the work aims to rethink the intellectual's position in contemporary society and the Western relationship with thought, while also shedding caricatures of medieval obscurantism.
Alain de Libera was a key figure in the controversy pitting a group of 56 academics (including Philippe Büttgen, Marwan Rashed, and Irène Rosier-Catach) and other researchers against one another in the "Aristotle at Mont-Saint-Michel" affair -a fierce dispute regarding the Arab-Muslim world's contribution to the West, sparked by the publication of the book of the same name by Sylvain Gouguenheim. In the realm of academic analysis, the main criticisms leveled at Gouguenheim's work are set out in the collective volume Les Grecs, les Arabes et Nous (The Greeks, the Arabs, and Us.) Journalist and essayist Jean Sévillia criticized the ideological and political approach he attributes to Alain de Libera—an approach he deems evident from certain statements, such as when the latter wrote, regarding the underlying Islamophobia in Gouguenheim's work: "That Europe is not mine; I leave it to the 'Ministry of Immigration and National Identity' and the cellars of the Vatican."
Porphyry, Isagoge; Greek and Latin texts, translated by Alain de Libera and Alain Philippe Segonds, Paris: Librairie philosophique J. Vrin, 1998 (Sic et non), Clxii-100p. ISBN 2-7116-1344-5.
The 2016 Asian Le Mans Sprint Cup was the first season of the Automobile Club de l'Ouest's Asian Le Mans Sprint Cup. The three event season began on 27 May and ended on 4 September, all at Sepang International Circuit in Selangor, Malaysia.
András Recski (Hungarian: [ˈrɛt͡ʃki ˈɒndraːʃ]; born 21 April 1948) is a Hungarian mathematician working in matroid theory and combinatorial optimization, and especially in their applications to the theory of electric networks and to rigidity in statics. He is professor emeritus at the Budapest University of Technology and Economics (BME), where he headed the Department of Computer Science and Information Theory from 1990 to 2011, and a Doctor of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences. He was secretary-general of the János Bolyai Mathematical Society from 2006 to 2015.
Recski was born in Budapest on 21 April 1948. He studied mathematics at Eötvös Loránd University, graduating in 1971, and obtained the university doctorate (dr. rer. nat.) in 1973. In 1977 he received the degree of Candidate of Sciences from the Hungarian Academy of Sciences for the dissertation Matroidok és villamos hálózatok ("Matroids and electric networks", 1976), supervised by Vera T. Sós and László Lovász, and in 1984 the degree of Doctor of the Mathematical Sciences, for the dissertation Matroidok és alkalmazásaik lineáris hálózatok kvalitatív vizsgálatában ("Matroids and their applications in the qualitative analysis of linear networks", 1983).
From 1971 to 1984 Recski was a researcher at the Research Institute for Telecommunication (Távközlési Kutató Intézet, TKI) in Budapest, while also lecturing at Eötvös Loránd University from 1972. In 1984 he became a founding member of the university's new Department of Computer Science and was appointed professor there in 1988.
In 1990 he moved to the Budapest University of Technology and Economics (BME) to head the Department of Mathematics of the Faculty of Electrical Engineering, while retaining a part-time professorship at Eötvös Loránd University. He headed the department (later renamed Department of Computer Science and Information Theory) from 1990 until 2011. He was succeeded as head by his former doctoral student Gyula Y. Katona and became professor emeritus in 2017.
Recski is the co-author of three Hungarian-language university textbooks used as course texts at several Hungarian universities: A számítástudomány alapjai ("Foundations of computer science"), Rendszeroptimalizálás ("Systems optimization") and the problem collection Gráfelméleti feladatok ("Problems in graph theory").
He was secretary-general of the János Bolyai Mathematical Society from 2006 to 2015, and was vice-chair of the Mathematics Committee of the Hungarian Academy of Sciences from 1999 to 2005.
Recski's research concerns matroid theory and combinatorial optimization and their use in engineering, in particular in the analysis of electric networks, in the design of VLSI circuits, and in the rigidity of bar-and-joint and tensegrity frameworks.
In 1981 he conjectured that a generalization of the matroid parity problem can be solved in polynomial time. The conjecture was proved by Jácint Szabó in 2008, using Lovász's linear matroid parity algorithm and a technique on jump systems due to András Sebő, with applications to rigidity and to the unique solvability of linear networks. In 1982, he conjectured that the union of graphic matroids, if it is not itself graphic, is never binary. The conjecture remains open in general, and he has returned to it in joint work with his doctoral student Csongor Csehi. He co-edited with Lovász the proceedings of that colloquium, the first of the society's international colloquia devoted entirely to matroid theory.
His 1989 monograph Matroid Theory and its Applications in Electric Network Theory and in Statics has been described as the most comprehensive treatment of the applications of matroid theory available. More recently he has worked on the classification and synthesis of linear multiports.
The 2026–27 season is the 94th season in the history of Red Bull Salzburg, and the club's 38th consecutive season in the top flight of Austrian football. In addition to the domestic league, the club participates in the Austrian Cup and the UEFA Europa League.
The 1994 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 14 to August 20, 1994. Seven teams, three international teams and four from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
1 Old Broad Street is an office building that stands where Threadneedle Street and Old Broad Street split in the City of London. It is a Grade II listed by English Heritage.
The building was constructed in 1903 to the design of Howard Chatfield Clarke, son of Thomas Chatfield Clarke. It was built for the Indemnity Mutual Marine Insurance, and holds a prominent position on the corner where Old Broad Street and Threadneedle Street split. In 1911, the first branch in London of the Banca Commerciale Italiana was opened in the building.
Chatfield Clarke's original design included corner stacks and reliefs that were removed to make way for the expansion of the neighbouring Westminster Bank Building in 1936.
The 1902 West Donegal by-election was a parliamentary by-election held for the United Kingdom House of Commons constituency of West Donegal on 25 April 1902. The vacancy arose because of the resignation of the sitting member James Boyle, of the Irish Parliamentary Party.
1–9 St Leonard's Place is a Grade II* listed terrace on St Leonard's Place in the city of York, England. Built in 1834 as a row of nine houses designed by John Harper, with interiors by several architects including G. T. Andrews at No. 1, the terrace was partly adapted for institutional use in the 19th century. It later served as council offices from 1933 until 2013. The buildings were restored for residential use from 2015, creating a mix of five townhouses and 29 apartments.
Built in 1834 as a terrace of nine houses, the buildings have since been altered and extended. The terrace was designed by John Harper, with interiors by various architects, including G. T. Andrews and P. Robinson Jnr. at No. 1. Although designed as houses, some of the larger plots proved difficult to develop for domestic use in the 19th century: No. 1 became the home of the York Subscription Library, while the large central plot at No. 5 was occupied by the Yorkshire Club. In 1933, the expiry of several 99‑year leases allowed the Corporation of York to convert the main terrace into council offices; it vacated the buildings in 2013.
On 14 June 1954, 1–9 St Leonard's Place were designated a Grade II* listed building. and in 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area.
Rushbond, which bought the crescent from the city council, began restoring it to residential use in April 2015 after abandoning earlier plans for an 88‑bedroom hotel when the operator withdrew. The five‑storey terrace was converted into 40 homes: five reinstated townhouses at Nos. 2–4 and 6–7, twenty‑nine apartments within the remaining original houses, and six mews properties on St Leonard's Mews behind St Leonard's Place.
The front and side walls are finished in stucco, with heavier detailing at ground level, while the rear is built of orange‑brown brick. The roof is a slate‑covered mansard with stuccoed chimneys. Cast‑iron railings, balconies and stair balustrades are used throughout.
The building has three storeys, with basements and attics, and a long curving front of 27 bays; each house occupies three. Nos. 1, 5 and 9 project slightly and are marked by tall pilasters rising from the first floor, with paired pilasters framing the corners of Nos. 1 and 9. The original entrances to Nos. 1 and 9 were in their side walls. The basement areas have six‑panel doors and 12‑pane windows, reached by flat bridges leading to the main entrances. Nos. 5 and 9 have projecting porches with paired pilasters and an entablature; No. 1 once had a similar porch, now removed. The remaining houses have pilastered door surrounds. Most doors have four flush panels with bordered overlights, except where later altered.
Ground‑floor windows are single 12‑pane sashes, except at No. 5 where they are three‑part windows, all with panelled aprons below. First‑floor windows are tall 12 or 15‑pane sashes; those at Nos. 1, 5 and 9 have raised surrounds, with the centre windows topped by small pediments on brackets. Second‑floor windows are shorter 12‑pane sashes, with their sills linked in a continuous band. A moulded cornice runs across the whole front. No. 5 has a three‑bay attic parapet with uneven nine‑pane windows; the other attic windows are flat dormers with two‑light Yorkshire sashes or casements. The first‑floor windows share a continuous balcony with iron balustrading fixed back to the wall.
The 2026 Overwatch World Cup (OWWC) is the sixth edition of the Overwatch World Cup, an Overwatch esports tournament, organized by the game's developer Blizzard Entertainment. A total of 52 teams from various countries and regions competed for one of the 30 spots in the 2026 OWWC main tournament. The group stage is being played at the Busan Esports Arena in Busan, South Korea, from August 20 to 23. The knockout stage will be played at the Anaheim Convention Center in Anaheim, California, during BlizzCon from September 12 to 13, 2026.
Each participating country is represented by a three-person competition committee consisting of a general manager, head coach, and social lead. The committees are responsible for managing their respective national teams and overseeing team operations and are eligible to receive an equal share of any prize money earned by their country's World Cup team. Applications opened in November 2025 and were originally scheduled to close on January 16, 2026, before the deadline was extended to February 6. The team-selection process began in Spring 2026, with committees assembling their national rosters ahead of the regional Conference Cups in March 2026.
The main tournament of the 2026 Overwatch World Cup is divided into three stages: online qualifiers, group stage, and knockout stage. It was preceded by the Conference Cups, a series of online tournaments contested by 33 wildcard teams. Three teams from the Americas, five from EMEA, and three from Asia advanced from the Conference cup to join 19 invited teams in the main tournament. Twenty-eight teams competed in the online qualifiers, which were divided into seven four-team regional groups: two each for the Americas and Asia and three for EMEA. The top two teams from each group advanced to the group stage. Defending champions Saudi Arabia and 2023 runners-up China received direct berths to the group stage, for a total of 16 teams. In the group stage, the 16 teams were divided into four groups of four and competed in a single round-robin format. The top two teams from each group advanced to the eight-team finals at BlizzCon 2026, which will be contested as a single-elimination bracket.
A total of 52 countries and regions participated in the 2026 Overwatch World Cup. Of these, 30 teams qualified for the main tournament, consisting of 19 invited teams and 11 wildcard teams. The invited teams were selected from the top 16 teams at the 2023 OWWC, along with the three highest-performing teams from EMEA. The remaining 11 teams qualified through the Conference Cups, a new qualification pathway introduced for the 2026 OWWC.
The group stage ran from August 20 to 23, 2026, and was a LAN event in Busan, South Korea. A total of 16 teams were divided into four groups, and each group competed in a round-robin tournament in a first-to-three series. The top two teams from each group advanced to the knockouts.
The 2026 World Cup will be broadcast on Blizzard's official channels, with live coverage available in English, Japanese, and Korean. English-language coverage is streamed on Twitch and YouTube, Japanese coverage is streamed on Twitch, YouTube, and SOOP, and Korean coverage is streamed on Naver's CHZZK and SOOP.
On August 22 and 23, coinciding with the group stage, Nexon held Overwatch Day, a large-scale fan event, at BEXCO in Busan, South Korea. The event was organized to commemorate the launch of the PC version of Overwatch through Nexon's platform in South Korea, which began on August 12. The event featured developer talks, creator matches, a cosplay contest, live art demonstrations, and interactive areas themed around the game's Busan map and MEKA unit. Members of the South Korean OWWC team also participated in a fan meeting and cheering event during the second day.
The World Cup finals at BlizzCon 2026 are also scheduled to feature several entertainment appearances. Rapper T-Pain was announced as a special guest for the Overwatch World Cup game, while Japanese musical duo Yoasobi is scheduled to perform during BlizzCon's first esports halftime show at the Overwatch World Cup Arena on September 13.
The 2008 Ligakupa final, also referred to as the Grand final, was the final of the inaugural Ligakupa, Hungary's League Cup. It was contested between Fehérvár, the winners of the autumn season, and Debrecen, the winners of the spring season. Because the two seasonal competitions were won by different clubs, a Grand final was required to determine the overall Ligakupa champion.
The final was played over two legs. The first leg took place on 14 May 2008 in Székesfehérvár, where Fehérvár defeated Debrecen 1–0 through a goal by Jusuf Dajić. The second leg was played on 20 May in Debrecen, where Fehérvár won 2–0 with goals from Tamás Sifter and Illés Zsolt Sitku. Fehérvár therefore won the final 3–0 on aggregate, becoming the first Ligakupa champions.
On Wednesday 29 October 1924, the 1924 United Kingdom general election was held in England, to elect all 615 members of the House of Commons, with 492 constituencies being in England. 485 seats represented territorial constituencies contested under the first past the post electoral system, and seven additional seats represented the university constituencies. Three university constituencies returned two members through the single transferable vote electoral system and one returned one member by the first past the post system.
It was the third general election to be held in less than two years. Parliament was dissolved on 9 October. Following the decision to withdraw the prosecution of Communist John Ross Campbell under the Incitement to Mutiny Act 1797 by Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald on 13 August 1924, a motion was passed against the government on 8 October 1924. Despite not being framed as such, this was regarded by the Government as a loss of a motion of no confidence and caused the dissolution of Parliament on 9 October 1924 with new elections being called.
Although the election saw an increase of support for Labour by vote share in England, Labour's election loss across the United Kingdom to the Conservative Party, along with a collapse in Liberal support in England and Scotland, brought an end to the first Labour Government.
The Conservative Party won the greatest number of seats at the election, having won an overall of 352 with an increase of 125 seat from the previous election, and taking much of its vote share against the collapse in Liberal Party support. The party did suffer some losses, including losing two seats to the Constitutionalist candidates and one seat to an independent in London University seat. It also lost Barrow and Furness, Liverpool West Toxteth, Lincoln, Peckham, Bilston and Birmingham King's Norton in England. The Conservative Party itself only suffered three other losses across the United Kingdom. These were the associated Unionist Party losing Motherwell in Scotland, and the associated Ulster Unionist Party losing both seat in Fermanagh and Tyrone. The Conservatives as a whole were returned to a majority Government at this election, having lose the previous election.
The Labour Party, although had also increased its vote share at this election at the expense of the Liberal Party, lost seats. Labour lost a total of 29 seats in England (the majority of its total 40 losses across the United Kingdom) down to 109 seats total in England. It did however, along with its minor seat gains from the Conservative Party, gain seats from the Liberal Party. It gained from the Liberal Party Gateshead, Rochdale, Bermondsey West, Southwark Central, Newcastle upon Tyne East, Newcastle upon Tyne West, Burslem, Middlesbrough East, Elland, Keighley, Penistone, Bradford South and Dewsbury
The Liberal Party lost of 109 seats in England at this election, with is vote share dropping by just over 12 per cent. It did gain seats from the Labour Party. These were Walthamstow West, Bristol North, Hackney South, Bradford East and Batley and Morley. It also took one of the two seats in Norwich, having won and held the other from the previous election. However, the party overall nationally along with its losses in Scotland and Wales was reduced to 40 seats.
12 candidates stood under the label of 'Constitutionalist' at this election. These was a label primarily given to former members and supportes of David Lloyd George's Coalition Liberal Party and National Liberal Party, who wished to reconcile the closer working ties between the Conservative Party and the Liberals.
Among the successful candidates under this label was Winston Churchill, who won the seat of Epping unopposed by the Conservative Party. Churchill, who was a member and former Deputy Leader for the National Liberals had previously lost Dundee in Scotland in 1922, and unsuccessfully ran in Leicester West in England in the previous election. Hamar Greenwood also won Walthamstow East, and was also not opposed by the Conservative in the seat. Algernon Moreing in Camborne won his seat in the same manner. Both seat gains by Churchill, Greenwood and Moreing were, however, gains from the Conservative Party when compared to the previous election. Other of such Constitutionalist candidates that took seats at the election include J. Hugh Edwards in Accrington, Abraham England in Heywood and Radcliffe, Thomas Robinson in Stretford and John Ward in Stoke-on-Trent. These candidates were opposed by neither the Conservatives or Liberals, but won seats from the Liberal Party in their incumbency due to switching from the Liberal Party. Accordingly, seven of the 12 Constitutionalists that ran won seats at this election.
Among the independents, the prior independent-held seat of Harrow was won by Conservative candidate Isidore Salmon from Oswald Mosley. Mosley had joined the Labour Party since the last election, having won the seat in the last election after having left the Conservative Party. Mosley unsuccessfully attempted to run in Birmingham Ladywood against future Prime Minister Neville Chamberlain, though came within 100 votes of Chamberlain. Austin Hopkinson retained his seat once again in Mossley, increasing his majority due to a split between the Labour and Liberal vote in his seat. Ernest Graham-Little won the seat at the London University, and would hold the seat until its abolition in 1950.
Shapurji Saklatvala won Battersea North. Although once the official candidate in the seat for the Labour Party in 1922 and 1923, Saklatvala stood as a solely Communist candidate in the seat in this election. After having won his seat in 1922, and losing it in 1923, he regained it at this election. This represented seat a loss against the incumbent Liberal Henry Hogbin in the seat, although Hogbin ran as under the Constitutionalist candidate label at this election. Notably, Communist candidate Robert Dunstan stood in Birmingham West against Conservative Member of Parliament and half-brother to Neville Chamberlain, Austen Chamberlain, however Chamberlain retained the seat with a substantially increased majority. Irish Nationalist T. P. O'Connor once again won Liverpool Scotland unopposed.
Amari Shemar McNeill (born June 8, 2003) is an American professional football defensive tackle for the Kansas City Chiefs of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the Tennessee Volunteers and the Colorado Buffaloes.
McNeill was born on June 8, 2003, in Atlanta, Georgia as one of two children to Sherry and Anthony McNeill. He was raised in Suwanee, Georgia where he attended Peachtree Ridge High School. While in high school, the 6 ft 3 in (1.91 m) tall 250 pounds (110 kg) McNeill played both offensive and defensive tackle and defensive end positions with the Peachtree Lions football team.
In 2020, McNeill helped the Lions to the state playoffs after the team's last appearance in 2016. Graduating in 2021, McNeill was rated a three-star recruiting prospect by 247Sports.
After committing to the University of Tennessee in 2020, McNeill attained redshirt status for the 2021 season. He joined the Volunteers team on November 20, 2021, as a defensive lineman for the game against South Alabama. As a redshirt freshman, McNeill played six games during the 2022 season. He recorded three tackles and one pass breakup. He was rated a three-star prospect entering the transfer portal.
McNeill transferred in 2023 to the University of Colorado. He played with the Buffaloes as a defensive lineman in all 12 games. After playing for three seasons at Colorado, McNeill finished playing in 32 total games, starting in 12, finishing with 77 total tackles, 42 solo tackles, 15 tackles for loss, seven sacks, six quarterback hurries, three forced fumbles, one pass breakup, and one blocked kick. His defensive totals ranked 66th in sacks and 85th in tackles for loss in Colorado football history.
The 1901 Galway Borough by-election was a parliamentary by-election held for the United Kingdom House of Commons constituency of Galway Borough on 21 November 1901. The by-election was caused by the incumbent Martin Morris, of the Irish Unionist Alliance, being elevated to the peerage as Lord Killanin. The by-election was won by Arthur Lynch of the Irish Parliamentary Party.
The 2026 Butler Bulldogs football team represents Butler University as a member of the Pioneer Football League (PFL) during the 2026 NCAA Division I FCS football season. They are led by second-year head coach Kevin Lynch. Lynch is assisted by first-year defensive coordinator Jared Heck. The Bulldogs play their home games at the Bud and Jackie Sellick Bowl in Indianapolis, Indiana.
Welsh grew up on the Gold Coast where she attended renowned sporting school Palm Beach Currumbin State High. She played an array of sports throughout her childhood, which included state representative honours in Australian rules football, basketball, swimming and surf lifesaving. She began playing football for the Coolangatta Tweed Blues in the local Gold Coast junior leagues and was a standout in her age group that was invited to join the Gold Coast Suns Academy at the age of 13.
Welsh briefly switched to play local football for Burleigh before joining Southport and playing in their historic first 2024 QAFLW senior premiership, where she kicked three goals in their grand final win at 16 years of age. She earned All-Australian honours at the U16 and U18 levels throughout her junior career and was awarded the Suns Academy MVP award for in her final year of junior football. Welsh also starred for her school football team when she led Palm Beach Currumbin to the 2023 AFL Queensland State Championship and was voted best on ground in the grand final.
In December 2025, Welsh was drafted to her hometown team, the Gold Coast Suns, with pick 12 in the 2025 AFL Women's draft. In just her second AFLW game, Welsh impressed many onlookers with a thrilling five-goal performance in Gold Coast's 35-point win over the West Coast Eagles at Mineral Resources Park.
The Ashtray Maze is a fictional location and level in the 2019 action-adventure game Control, developed by Remedy Entertainment. Located within the Oldest House, the headquarters of the fictional Federal Bureau of Control, the maze initially appears as an impassable series of corridors which continually rearrange themselves. Late in the game, protagonist Jesse Faden is able to traverse it while listening to "Take Control", a song by the fictional band Old Gods of Asgard, performed by Finnish rock band Poets of the Fall. As Jesse fights enemies, the surrounding walls, floors and passageways repeatedly move and transform.
Remedy developed the sequence for almost a year. Game director Mikael Kasurinen said that its apparent complexity was achieved without being particularly technically complicated, and that the developers abandoned an earlier plan to accompany the sequence with tango music in favor of "Take Control". The Ashtray Maze was singled out by critics following the game's release; GameSpot selected it as one of its editorial highlights of 2019, while The Escapist devoted an episode of its The Joy of Gaming series to what it called the year's best gaming moment. The level has also been examined in architectural criticism for its use of compression and expansion of space. Following release of Control, players discovered methods of bypassing it while speedrunning the game, as well as a hidden message within "Take Control" that was subsequently connected to the game's AWE expansion.
The Ashtray Maze is situated in the Research Sector of the Oldest House. The player encounters it before it can be traversed: apparently straightforward corridors alter their layout when Jesse approaches them, with passages closing and new ones opening until she is ultimately returned to the entrance. This effectively make any attempts to navigate the maze logically futile, since it continuously redirects the player regardless of the route taken.
Near the end of the game, the Oldest House's janitor, Ahti, gives Jesse a cassette player and headphones that allow her to pass through the maze. "Take Control", credited in the game to the fictional Old Gods of Asgard and performed by Poets of the Fall, plays as Jesse proceeds through it. Rather than continuing to obstruct her, the surrounding architecture would now repeatedly open a route forward: hallways divide or rotate, surfaces move around Jesse, and enclosed spaces expand into combat areas populated by the Hiss, turning what had initially appeared to be a puzzle into a set piece in which the alterations to the environment accompany Jesse's combat encounters and the music.
Remedy experimented with the sequence's musical accompaniment during development. Game director Mikael Kasurinen said that the team originally considered using a tango before deciding that a metal song by Old Gods of Asgard suited the maze better. He regarded the addition of the music as the element that elevated the sequence into something distinctive. "Take Control" was written specifically for Control and performed by Poets of the Fall under their recurring Old Gods of Asgard identity. Audio director Justin Andree later described his work on the game's music as involving both whether individual songs fitted their intended scenes and the practical costs involved in securing or producing them.
In a 2019 interview with GamesRadar, Kasurinen said the Ashtray Maze was not especially difficult to implement from a technical standpoint. He instead attributed its apparent complexity to the work of Remedy's designers and artists, who used the changing environment to create what he described as a sense of far greater complexity than was actually involved. Kasurinen said that staff worked on the sequence for almost a year.
In a feature by GameSpot which is devoted to the creation of the level, Kasurinen presented early concepts for the sequence and discussed its visual influences, the challenge Remedy set itself in constructing it, and the role of music in the finished version. GameSpot writer Tamoor Hussain characterized the final effect as resembling a stage illusion: apparently complicated environmental transformations were produced using comparatively straightforward underlying techniques.
The Ashtray Maze was frequently singled out by video game journalists as one of the most memorable sequences in Control. In GameSpot's Best Games of 2019 feature, Peter Brown described the sequence as one of the game's standout moments, comparing its shifting architecture to the Overlook Hotel from The Shining and highlighting how the environment expands, contracts, and changes around the player. In another GameSpot feature, the sequence was selected as an editor highlight for 2019, with Brown praising its transformation from an initially impassable maze into a choreographed combat encounter. Nate Najda devoted an episode of The Escapist's The Joy of Gaming series to the Ashtray Maze, identifying it as one of his favourite gaming moments of 2019 and discussing the sequence as an example of the strengths of Control's design.
Matt Cox of Rock Paper Shotgun gave a more mixed assessment, writing that the Ashtray Maze represented Control "at its best and worst". Cox described the sequence as the point where his initial frustration with the game gave way to enthusiasm, particularly when it transformed into a music-video-like set piece. He praised the way the maze manipulated player expectations, describing the disappearing walls, psychedelic music, and enemies seemingly controlled by an unseen force as examples of "stupid yet genius design decisions". However, he also criticised the repeated combat encounters, arguing that the sequence exposed what he viewed as broader problems with Control's combat, which he felt became repetitive despite its visual spectacle.
The Ashtray Maze has also received retrospective recognition for its visual design. Architectural writer Jullia Joson discussed the Ashtray Maze in ArchDaily as an example of the architectural principle of compression and expansion in virtual spaces. She described its narrow corridors as funneling the player forward before the surrounding space progressively expands. Joson contrasted that compression with the larger interconnected spaces elsewhere in Control, arguing that the game's architecture accommodates Jesse's range of movement abilities, including running, throwing objects and levitation. GamingBolt included it among its list of the "11 Most Graphically Amazing Video Game Levels", highlighting the sequence's shifting environments, lighting effects, and surreal presentation as an example of the visual possibilities of modern video games.
The Ashtray Maze became an early target for players attempting to complete Control as quickly as possible. Within weeks of the game's release, speedrunners had discovered an out-of-bounds technique that allowed them to bypass almost the entire sequence. Aron Garst of PC Gamer reported that completing the maze normally took nearly six minutes, while the skip reduced that portion of a run to about one minute by allowing the player to travel outside its intended geometry. Remedy developers expressed surprise at the method, while community manager Vida Starčević said that the studio enjoyed seeing players find ways of breaking the game.
"Take Control" also contained a hidden message connected to later Control content. Portions of the song contain reversed speech, which players discovered soon after release but were initially unable to interpret as instructions leading to anything within the game. Following the release of AWE in 2020, players determined that elements of the message referred to a puzzle added by the expansion, which led to an Easter egg and an in-game item. GameSpot described the message as one of Control's most persistent unresolved secrets before the expansion supplied its solution.
The sequence continued to be used in later discussion of music created specifically for video games. In 2023, PCGamesN returned to the Ashtray Maze while interviewing Andree about the use of fictional bands and bespoke songs within game worlds. The publication identified "Take Control" and the Ashtray Maze as one of Control's most prominent musical sequences, while Andree discussed in-universe performers as a means of integrating music more directly into fictional settings.
The 2026–27 Coupe de la Ligue féminine de football professionnel, commonly referred to as 2026–27 Coupe LFFP, is the second edition of the competition, the annual Première and Seconde Ligue's league cup competition.
On 17 February 2026, the Executive committee (Comex) of the French Football Federation (FFF) approved and unveiled the new competition format during a meeting in Paris. The format was revised to adopt a league phase inspired by the UEFA Champions League, replacing the geographically based group stage used in the inaugural edition.
Clubs from the Première and Seconde Ligue that are not participating in European competitions are placed in a single league table. Each team plays four matches (two at home and two away) against different opponents across five matchdays. Some teams have a bye on each matchday, ensuring that every club plays four matches in total.
The ten qualified teams are drawn into five single-match ties. The five highest-ranked sides from the league phase are seeded and play at home. The five winners progress to the quarter-finals.
The quarter-finals feature the five play-off winners alongside the three European-qualified clubs, forming an eight-team knockout stage. The quarter-finals, semi-finals and final are all contested as single-leg ties.
A by-election to the Legislative Assembly of Samoa will be held in the Falealili 1 constituency on 18 September 2026. The by-election was triggered after the previous member, Toelupe Poumulinuku Onesemo, a former deputy prime minister, was convicted of election bribery.
Toelupe Poumulinuku Onesemo of the Faʻatuatua i le Atua Samoa ua Tasi (FAST) party was re-elected to the seat during the 2025 snap election with 53% of the vote, defeating three other candidates. FAST won a majority of seats at the snap election and went on to form a government under Prime Minister Laʻauli Leuatea Schmidt. Onesemo was appointed deputy prime minister and minister of works in the new cabinet. After the election, Tuiloma Laniselota Lameko, the unsuccessful from the Human Rights Protection Party (HRPP), filed an electoral petition against Onesemo, accusing him of election bribery. Before the case could proceed to trial, Lameko and Onesemo attempted to withdraw the petition. The Supreme Court, however, rejected their requests after finding that the duo had reached a 100,000 tālā settlement to withdraw the case. The case proceeded to trial, resulting in the court convicting Onesemo for bribery. Onesemo resigned from cabinet in the aftermath, but remained in parliament while he attempted to appeal the case. The Court of Appeal upheld Onesemo's conviction on 29 June, voiding his election and triggering a by-election in the constituency.
Elections to all 51 of the directly elected seats in the Legislative Assembly are conducted through the first-past-the-post voting system. Candidates are required to hold a matai title, be at least 21 years old, and have resided in Samoa for a minimum of three years before the nomination date. Individuals convicted of a crime in Samoa or any other country within the previous eight years, and people with a mental illness, were ineligible to stand as candidates. Civil servants were permitted to run as long as they resigned from their positions. Should civil servants fail to do so, the date of filing their candidacy is, by law, deemed to be the point when they relinquish their role.
Universal Suffrage took effect in 1991, permitting all Samoan citizens aged 21 and over the right to vote. Compulsory voting and mandatory voter registration were in place for the by-election. Electors who failed to vote were required to pay 100 tālā, while eligible individuals who did not register on the electoral roll before the deadline were liable to pay a 2000 tālā fine. As Samoa did not employ overseas voting at the time of the by-election, electors enrolled in the Falealili 1 constituency were required to be present in the country to vote.
The electoral commissioner issued the election writ on 21 August, disclosing the by-election date. Candidate nominations are scheduled to take place on 28 August, while contestants have until 4 September to withdraw their candidacies if they intend to do so. Pre-polling is scheduled to occur on 16 September, two days before the by-election, and the return of the writ is expected for 21 September.
Elections to Salford Borough Council were held on Tuesday, 1 November 1892. One third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. Extensive ward boundary changes came into effect at this election, however, the number of councillors was retained and displaced members were allocated to newly created wards for the remainder of their terms.
Caused by the election as an alderman of Councillor Joshua Shaw (Liberal, St. Matthias', elected 24 November 1880) on 9 November 1892, following the death on 28 October 1892 of Alderman Sir James Farmer (Conservative, elected as an alderman by the council on 9 November 1880).
The 2026 Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship is the 29th edition of the Women's NORCECA Volleyball Championship, a biennial international volleyball tournament organised by the North, Central America and Caribbean Volleyball Confederation (NORCECA) for national women's volleyball teams in North America, Central America and the Caribbean. The tournament is taking place from August 21 to 26.
The tournament is being held in the Dominican Republic's capital, Santo Domingo, marking the sixth time the competition has been held in the country, after 1977, 1985, 1995, 2001 and 2003. 8 teams are participating, one more than in the previous edition.
The top three finishers will also qualify for the 2027 FIVB Women's Volleyball World Cup in Canada and the United States. The top four teams, excluding the United States team, will advance to the next round of qualification for the volleyball tournament at the 2028 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
On June 22, 2023, the Fédération Internationale de Volleyball (FIVB) announced that, starting in 2026, all continental competitions would be played in even-numbered years, rather than odd-numbered. This will be the first Championship to be held in an even-numbered year.
Eight teams are taking part. All teams from the 2023 edition are present alongside Trinidad and Tobago, who appeared in 2021. Brackets indicate their world ranking before the tournament.
All games are being played at the Pabellón Ricardo Gioriver Arias, in Santo Domingo, Dominican Republic. The venue was used for the 1974 Central American and Caribbean Games and 2003 Pan American Games. The arena was recently renovated and used for volleyball competitions at the 2026 Central American and Caribbean Games.
The teams were drawn into two groups of four. The group winners advance directly to the semifinals. The second and third-placed teams from both groups advance to the quarterfinals. The bottom teams are dropped into the 7th place match.
If the tie continues as per the point ratio between two teams, the priority will be given to the team which won the match between them. When the tie in points ratio is between three or more teams, a new classification of these teams in the terms of points 1, 2, 3 and 4 will be made taking into consideration only the matches in which they were opposed to each other.
The age listed for each player is on 19 March 1989, the first day of the tournament. The numbers of caps and goals listed for each player do not include any matches played after the start of the tournament. The club listed is the club for which the player last played a competitive match before the tournament. The nationality for each club reflects the national association (not the league) to which the club is affiliated. A flag is included for coaches who are of a different nationality than their own national team.
Every team besides Costa Rica fields a player playing within a foreign league with El Salvador (2), Guatemala (1), Trinidad and Tobago (2) and the United States (6) having players representing foreign clubs.
Mollett, Sharlene (2006). "Race and Natural Resource Conflicts in Honduras: The Miskito and Garifuna Struggle for Lasa Pulan". Latin American Research Review. 41 (1). Austin, TX: University of Texas Press. doi:10.1353/lar.2006.0012. Retrieved 22 August 2026.
Herlighy, Laura Hobson (2007). "Sexual Magic and Money: Miskitu Women's Strategies in Northern Honduras". Ethnology. 45 (2). Pittsburgh, PA. ISSN 0014-1828 – via KU ScholarWorks.
Wade, Peter (24 April 2018). "Afro-Indigenous Interactions, Relations, and Comparisons". In de la Fuente, Alejandro (ed.). Afro-Latin American Studies: An Introduction. Cambridge, UK: Cambridge University Press. ISBN 9781316822883. Retrieved 22 August 2026.
The competition used a form of negative points tournament, with negative points given for any result short of a fall. Accumulation of 6 negative points eliminated the wrestler. When only two or three wrestlers remain, a special final round is used to determine the order of the medals.
The 2026–27 Le Moyne Dolphins women's basketball team will represent Le Moyne College during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Lakers will be led by third-year head coach Nick DiPillo, and will play their home games on Ted Grant Court in the Le Moyne Events Center in Syracuse, New York. They will compete as a member of the Northeast Conference (NEC).
This season will mark Le Moyne's first official year as a full member of Division I, following the completion of their three-year transition period from Division II on July 1, 2026. As a result, the Dolphins are now eligible to participate in the NCAA tournament.
The Dolphins finished the 2025–26 season 12–21 overall and 9–9 in NEC play, to finish in a tie for fourth in the conference with Wagner. As the No. 5 seed in the NEC tournament, they defeated No. 4 Wagner 54–47 in the quarterfinals, before falling to top-seeded Fairleigh Dickinson in the semifinals to end their season.
The 1995 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 13 to August 20, 1995. Eight teams, three international teams and five from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a round-robin tournament, with the top two teams from each pool advancing to the semifinals.
The men's 800 metre freestyle competition at the 2026 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 12 at the William Woollett Jr. Aquatics Center in Irvine, California. The defending champion was Zane Grothe of the United States.
The men's 400 metre individual medley competition at the 2026 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 13 at the William Woollett Jr. Aquatics Center. The defending champion was Chase Kalisz of the United States.
Only two swimmers from each country may advance to the A or B final. If a country not qualify any swimmer to the A final, that same country may qualify up to three swimmers to the B final.
The 2025 Northwoods League season was the 32nd season of baseball and 2nd season of softball in the Northwoods League, a collegiate summer baseball and softball organization. The season concluded in August with the Green Bay Rockers winning the baseball championship and the Madison Night Mares winning the softball championship.
In 2025, there were 24 Northwoods League baseball teams, split evenly between the Great Lakes and Great Plains Divisions. These divisions were then split up between the Great Lakes East, Great Lakes West, Great Plains East, and Great Plains West subdivisions. The Kalamazoo Growlers entered the season as defending champions, having defeated the La Crosse Loggers in a 14-inning walk-off victory in the league's 2024 championship game.
There were some franchise shifts moving from the 2024 to the 2025 season. The Kokomo Jackrabbits ceased operations after a legal battle between Jackrabbits ownership and the city of Kokomo. The league also chose to deactivate the Minnesota Mud Puppies after the 2024 season. The Mud Puppies had been created in 2021 as a travel-only team to help offset schedule disruptions caused by Covid-19 border restrictions that prevented the Thunder Bay Border Cats from participating that season. The Mud Puppies had continued to play in the NWL through 2024 despite the Border Cats' return in 2022, but were not a part of the 2025 season. They did return in 2026.
The regular season began on May 26, with the season split into two halves, and the top two teams in each sub-division--the standings leader from each half--qualified for the playoffs. The first half sub-division winners were the Traverse City Pit Spitters (Great Lakes East), Green Bay Rockers (Great Lakes West), La Crosse Loggers (Great Plains East), and St. Cloud Rox (Great Plains West).
In the second half of the season, the Pit Spitters also had the best record in the Great Lakes East, so a playoff berth was awarded to the team with the next best overall season record, the Kalamazoo Growlers. Second half victors in the other sub-divisions were the Wausau Woodchucks (Great Lakes West), Duluth Huskies (Great Plains East), and Mankato MoonDogs (Great Plains West).
In the four best-of-three subdivision series, the Pit Spitters swept the Growlers, the Rockers swept the Woodchucks, the Huskies swept the Loggers, and the MoonDogs took 2 of 3 against the Rox. In the single-game Great Lakes Division championship, the Rockers defeated the Pit Spitters 10-5, and in the Great Plains, the Huskies defeated the MoonDogs 4-1.
The NWL Championship game was held at Wade Stadium in Duluth, Minnesota on 8/14/25. After three scoreless innings, the Rockers struck first on a two-run single by Jeremy Delamota. The Huskies answered back in the bottom of the frame with a solo home run from Ethan Surowiec and an RBI single by Reagan Reeder. The Rockers pushed two more across in the 5th, but the Huskies batted through the order in the bottom of the frame and carried a lead of 6-2 through the 7th. The Rockers chipped away, scoring one unanswered in the 7th and another 3 in the 8th, tying the game on a 3rd out sac fly from Joe Mennella. The score was tied 8-8 in the top of the 9th. With two outs, Green Bay DH Payton Mansfield hit a high infield popup. With the ball lost in the lights, neither Huskies first baseman Reagan Reeder nor second baseman Jake Downing had a good read on the ball. The two bumped each other as the ball came down, and Xaige Lancaster was able to score from third, taking the lead. Another run was added before turning the frame over to Duluth. Green Bay pitcher Drew Aguilar worked a clean inning and Green Bay won the game 10-8.
Ethan Surowiec had an exceptional season for Duluth. A highly-touted 2024 prospect out of high school in Gulfport, Mississippi, Surowiec had only limited action as a freshman at Ole Miss. Making the most of his summer in the NWL, he appeared in 53 games with 204 at-bats, leading the league in home runs (17), RBI (68), and OPS (1.255). He was named to the mid-season all-star team, and hit a home run in his lone at-bat in the all-star game. In the midst of his breakout summer in the NWL, he entered the NCAA transfer portal and signed with the Florida Gators. After leading the Huskies to the NWL championship game, Surowiec was named 2025 NWL Most Valuable Player.
Isaac Milburn of the Madison Mallards was named 2025 NWL Pitcher of the Year. Milburn appeared in seven games with the Mallards, going 3-0 with a 2.76 ERA. In 42.1 innings, he struck out 50 batters while walking only seven. He also struck out two batters in the NWL All-Star Game.
Larry Edwards of the Waterloo Bucks broke the NWL single-season stolen bases record, surpassing Chandler Simpson's previous mark and ultimately finishing the season with 67. Edwards's record was surpassed by St. Cloud's Tanner Recchio in 2026, who managed to swipe 81 bags.
In the 2025 Major League Baseball draft, 79 former NWL players were selected by MLB teams. Brendan Summerhill was the highest-selected of these alums, going 42nd overall to the Tampa Bay Rays. Summerhill played for Traverse City in 2022 and appeared for both the Pit Spitters and Rockford Rivets in 2023, between seasons at Arizona.
The 2025 Northwoods League All-Star Game was held at Warner Park in Madison, Wisconsin. The Great Plains Division defeated the Great Lakes Division 3-2. The following players were selected to participate in the game.
The 2025 season was the second season of Northwoods League Softball (NWLS). There were 5 softball teams, playing in one single division. The two teams with the best record competed in a playoff series for the NWLS championship. The Mankato Habaneros entered the season as defending champions, having been granted that achievement due to having the highest record in the inaugural 2024 season.
The Madison Night Mares had an exceptional season, ultimately setting an NWLS record for full season wins, finishing at 35-7. This record would broken by the Night Mares the following season.
The Minot Honeybees finished the season with a 21-21 record, earning the right to compete with Madison for the NWLS championship in a best of three series. Madison swept Minot and won their first NWLS championship.
Paytn Monticelli pitched for the Night Mares in 2025, in the summer between her junior year at Oklahoma and senior year at LSU. She later became the first NWLS alum to play professional softball, debuting in June 2026 with the Atlanta Smoke of the Professional Softball League.
Madison dominated post-season individual NWLS honors. Catcher Hilary Blomberg won NWLS Player of Year for the second year, leading the league in home runs (11) and RBI (47), while also posting a .402 batting average (.471). Fellow Night Mare Karlie McKenzie won the NWLS Pitcher of the Year award, leading the league in ERA (1.86) and wins (10). Night Mares Coach Lexi Godwin was named NWLS Coach of Year.
For cumulative stats, leaders include all league players. For average stats, leaders include only qualifiers. Per NWL softball standards, qualified hitters must have 2.00 plate appearances per team game and qualified pitchers must have minimum 1.0 innings pitched per team game.
The New Zealand Screen Awards for 2025 were held on 21 November 2025 at the Viaduct Events Centre in Auckland, New Zealand. Comedian Pax Assadi returned to the event. The ceremony marked the first edition of the awards to recognise both film and television productions, following the expansion and rebranding of the New Zealand Television Awards.
The 2026 Kingston Open II was a professional tennis tournament played on hardcourts. It was the second edition of the tournament which was part of the 2026 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Kingston, Jamaica between 24 and 29 August 2026.
The British Photographic Research Association (BPRA) was established on 15 May 1918 after several manufacturers of photographic materials and equipment declared their support for the creation of such an organisation. Its creation beneficially coincided with Parliament approval of a £1 million fund to support industrial research and a corresponding scheme for the establishment of research associations connected with various industries, which typically each received a grant for five years on a fifty-fifty basis towards its expenses. It was the first such research association to be incorporated under the scheme of the Privy Council for the promotion of scientific and industrial research. It was recognised that individual companies were too small to conduct the amount of research need to compete with large international competitors.
Initially, BPRA made use of laboratory facilities provided by the chemical department of University College in Gower Street, London. In October 1920, it transferred to the Institute of Chemistry, 30 Russell Square, London, where multiple rooms had been configured specifically for their field of research.
In September 1920, the chemist Thomas Slater Price was appointed director of research at BPRA. During the 1920s, work in its laboratories resulted in numerous published research papers.
The New Zealand Television Awards for 2023 were held on 5 December 2023 at the Viaduct Events Centre in Auckland, New Zealand. ComedianKura Forrester returned to host the event.
The New Zealand Television Awards for 2021 were presented on 1 March 2022. The ceremony was delayed from the original November 2021 date to March 2022 due to COVID event restrictions. It was eventually changed to an online event, virtually presented by Tom Sainsbury.
The 2003 ISAF Youth Sailing World Championships took place on the Madeira, Portugal, from 17 to 26 July 2003. It was the 33rd edition of the ISAF Youth Sailing World Championships.
The 1985 IYRU Youth Sailing World Championships took place in St Moritz, Switzerland between 21 and 31 July 1985. It was the 15th edition of the IYRU Youth Sailing World Championships.
Service was born in 1933 in Hampstead, London to Scottish parents. He spent the duration of the Second World War in Midlothian before returning after its end. Service attended Westminster School and read modern history at Queen's College, Oxford, although without graduating. He worked for around eight years in banking and export finance. He was awarded a CBE in 1995 and made member of the Royal Victorian Order at the 2007 Birthday Honours. He married Louisa Anne Hemming in 1959 with whom he had two children, the two separated in 1976 and divorced in 1984. In 1992 he married Zandria Madeleine Pauncefort a former colleague from the Family Planning Association. In his later years, Service lived in Avebury, Wiltshire, dying there in 2013 following years of illness after a car accident.
Service's involvement with abortion law reforms began in 1963, attending an Abortion Law Reform Association (ALRA) meeting on behalf of his mother-in-law. He subsequently joined the committee and became a parliamentary campaigner, involved in David Steel's private member's bill resulting in the Abortion Act of 1967. After its passing, Service was involved in ensuring the bill was not watered down or abolished.
Service was also involved in the family-planning movement, chairing the Birth Control Campaign from 1970 to 1974. He also became chair of the Family Planning Association in 1975 and general secretary from 1980 to 1989. He would later recount ""how ridiculous it would be now, to have a situation where a woman was able to get an NHS abortion, but could not get family planning on the NHS".
Alastair Service also had a career as an architectural historian, with a particular interest in Victorian and Edwardian architecture, defining the latter as the "Grand Manner". Service was interested in architectural preservation of historic buildings, a member of the Victorian Society's main committee from 1977 to 1995, and worked extensively on the society's publications.
Among his most significant works are Edwardian Architecture and its Origins (1975), Edwardian Architecture (1977), London, 1900 (1979), and Victorian and Edwardian Hampstead (1989) within which he provided an account of C. H. B. Quennell's work in Hampstead.
The 2025–26 Delaware State Hornets women's basketball team represented Delaware State University during the 2025–26 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Hornets, led by second-year head coach Jazmone Turner, played their home games at Memorial Hall in Dover, Delaware as members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC).
The Hornets finished the 2024–25 season 5–24, 1–13 in MEAC play, to finish in a tie for seventh (last) place. They were defeated by Howard in the quarterfinals of the MEAC tournament.
On March 10, 2025, it was announced that longtime head coach Lynn Milligan would not be retained as head coach, ending her 18-year tenure with the team. On April 3, the school announced the hiring of Arcadia head coach Jackie Hartzell as the team's new head coach.
The Black Flag is a British anarchist journal that was first published in 1968. Since then, formats have varied between a newspaper, which was published during the 1984–1985 United Kingdom miners' strike, and the present journal format. Publication frequencies have been irregular, varying between fortnightly and annually, with some gaps longer than a year. Initially called the Anarchist Black Cross, the title was changed to Black Flag in 1971. While known as such since then, it has had several different sub-titles, and was relaunched in 2021 as the Black Flag Anarchist Review. As of 2025–26, it has been published three times a year.
The paper was established in 1968 by Albert Meltzer and by Stuart Christie, who had been arrested in Spain in 1964 for being in possession of explosives with the intention of assassinating the Spanish dictator Francisco Franco. They considered that the existing anarchist magazine in the UK, Freedom, was too "bourgeois pacifist" and that a new, more radical, paper was required. The paper was originally known as the Bulletin of the Anarchist Black Cross before being renamed by its founders and others in 1971. It takes its name from the flag of the anarchist movement. It retained the sub-title, Bulletin or Organ of the Anarchist Black Cross, until the early 1980s. According to Meltzer, the paper was constantly monitored by the British police and subjected to numerous false accusations in the media regarding its activities, including murder and incitement to murder, links with international terrorism, causing riots, arson, kidnapping, sabotage, and conspiracy to foment strikes.
Black Flag was initially printed using a duplicating machine made by Gestetner before moving to a small printing press in Haverstock, London. Over the years the paper has used many printers, with the last issue before its 2021 relaunch being printed in Scotland. Both Meltzer and Christie had full-time jobs while publishing the paper but, in 1972, Christie moved to Scotland, where he and his wife formed the Cienfuegos Press Anarchist Review in Sanday, Orkney. Meltzer continued to edit the Black Flag with the involvement of a collective of helpers, including Iain McKay and members of the Anarchist Federation. Another frequent contributor was the cartoonist, Phil Ruff.There have been numerous editors over its lifetime. It has generally offered a mixture of articles on current topics and libertarian history, with reprints and translations of notable articles on anarchism. It did not publish in 2006, attributed by McKay in part to the fact that there had been an improvement in the quality of Freedom, but was subsequently resurrected with a greater emphasis on longer articles, which Freedom did not carry.
Until 1985, the paper was published more or less monthly in volumes. In that year, it was decided to just give each issue a number. After the hiatus in 2006, it was relaunched in 2007 by a collective that described themselves as anarchist communists. After several years of absence after 2016, it was again relaunched in 2021, this time as the Black Flag: Anarchist Review, with no number, reintroducing the use of volumes for each year. The relaunch issue largely covered historical topics, most notably in celebration of the centenary of the death of the Russian anarchist, Peter Kropotkin. Between 2021 and 2026 articles continued to discuss historical topics, although one examined the lessons applicable from past wars to the 2022 Russian invasion of Ukraine.
Volume 7: 1983–1985 Initially monthly and then fortnightly newsletter published as Black Flag: Anarchist Fortnightly. In addition, a quarterly magazine was issued, known as the Black Flag: Journal of Anarchist Ideas, News and Comments.
The 1996 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 11 to August 17, 1996. Eight teams, four international teams and four from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
Arun Corridor or Chatara–Leguwaghat Road is a 65-kilometre-long (40 mi) road which is being constructed in Koshi Province, Nepal. The starting point of the road is fixed at Koshi Bridge at Chatara, which will be connected with Mangmaya Danda (Leguwaghat) on the border of Mahalaxmi Municipality and Pakhribas Municipality in Dhankuta District. The 45 kilometres (28 mi) of the section of the road has already been awarded for the construction at a cost of about one billion Nepali rupees. 35 kilometres (22 mi) of track has already been opened. 20-to-40-metre (66 to 131 ft) motorable concrete bridges will have to be constructed at 11 places along the entire 65-kilometre (40 mi) road of the project. The Arun Corridor will be an alternative and short route of the Koshi Highway for the residents of Bhojpur, Sankhuwasabha and Mahalaxmi and Pakhribas areas of Dhankuta, will be limited to 65 kilometres (40 mi) from about 125 kilometres (78 mi).
The 2026–27 season is Hamilton Academical's second season back in the third tier of Scottish football, following their relegation from the Scottish Championship at the end of the 2024–25 season. Hamilton will also compete in the League Cup, Challenge Cup and the Scottish Cup.
A member of the Radical Party, he represented Collipulli and Mariluán from 1918 to 1921 and served on the Permanent Budget Commission. Born in Chillán, he studied at the Instituto Nacional and later at the University of Chile's Faculty of Law, qualifying as a lawyer on 22 May 1903. He also worked as a farmer and held several public positions, including governor of Rere and San Carlos, fiscal prosecutor in Valdivia and public notary in Linares.
The 2026–27 LSU Tigers women's basketball team will represent Louisiana State University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Tigers, led by sixth-year head coach Kim Mulkey, will play their home games at Pete Maravich Assembly Center in Baton Rouge, Louisiana and compete as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
The Tigers finished the 2025–26 season 29–6 overall and 12–4 in SEC play, to finish in fourth in the conference. As the No. 4 seed in the SEC tournament, they earned a double-bye to the quarterfinals, where they routed No. 7 Oklahoma 112–78, with the Tigers scoring the second most points in an SEC tournament game, only surpassed by Tennessee's 118–44 win over Florida in the inaugural 1980 tournament. They then moved onto the semifinals, where they fell 77–83 to top-seeded South Carolina.
Following their elimination, the Tigers earned an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament, where they were seeded No. 2 in the Sacramento #2 Regional. In the first and second rounds respectively, LSU defeated No. 15 Jacksonville 116–58 and No. 7 Texas Tech 101–47, the latter of which was the 16th game of the season for LSU where they scored 100 or more points, setting a Division I record. The Tigers then moved onto the Sweet Sixteen, where they were eliminated 85–87 by No. 3 seeded Duke from a game-winning three-pointer by Blue Devil guard Ashlon Jackson.
Women's 3x3 basketball tournament at the 2026 Mediterranean Games will be held from 29 August to 1 September at the Giardini Peripato, in Taranto, Italy.
On Wednesday 15 November 1922, the 1922 United Kingdom general election was held in England, to elect all 615 members of the House of Commons, with 492 constituencies being in England. 485 seats represented territorial constituencies contested under the first past the post electoral system, and seven additional seats represented the university constituencies. Three university constituencies returned two members through the single transferable vote electoral system and one returned one member by the first past the post system.
The Labour Party gained 60 seats in England, however lost seven. The party therefore gained a total of 53 seats in England, and with its gains in Scotland and Wales, winning a total of 142 seats nationally. The seats it lost in England were Mansfield to the Liberal Party and Wellingborough and Rushden to the National Liberal Party (David Lloyd George's successor party to the Coalition Liberal Party). It also lost Barnard Castle, one of the two seats in Bolton, Clitheroe and Ormskirk to the Conservative Party. The Co-operative Party, although not yet in an electoral pact with the Labour Party, also lost Kettering to the Conservatives.
Labour also won North Norfolk which was held by an Independent who was supported by the former Coalition Government. Notably, the Labour party gained Limehouse from the National Liberal Party. The candidate that won the seat was future Labour Prime Minister Clement Atlee entered Parliament at this election. Coincidently, then Deputy Leader of the National Liberal Party and future Conservative Prime Minister Winston Churchill lost his seat in Dundee at this election.
The Conservatives, however, lost an overall nine seats at this election, with one loss being in the university constituency of Cambridge University. The Party gained several seats from the National Liberal Party. Amongst its gains was also William Greenwood in Stockport which he had gained in the 1920 Stockport by-election. This retention was gain from defunct Coalition Labour. The party won Birmingham Duddeston from the defunct National Democratic and Labour Party, along with Portsmouth Central, Stourbridge, Middlesbrough East and South Norfolk from the Liberal Party. From independents, the Conservatives won Hackney South which it retained from the 1922 Hackney South by-election, and Sowerby from an Independent Conservative. It also gained Hertford compared to the last election, having retained it from the 1921 Hertford by-election at which independent-turned-Conservative Murray Sueter won the seat from an independent.
Between the Liberal Party under H. H. Asquith and the National Liberal Party under David Lloyd George, the Liberals gained seats and the National Liberals overall lost seats. The Liberals remained the third largest Party in England despite increasing its seats to 44, with the Liberal Nationals moving from second largest to fourth at 32 seats when compared to its predecessor, the Coalition Liberal Party.
Seven former National Democratic and Labour Party candidates also stood for the National Liberal Party in this election. These were the former NDLP Members of Parliament Charles Edgar Loseby in Bradford East, James Walton in Don Valley, Chairman of the Party Clement Edwards in East Ham South, James Seddon in Hanley, Joseph Frederick Green in Leicester West, Matt Simm in Wallsend and Charles Jesson in Walthamstow West. However, each of these candidates lost their seats. Elsewhere in the United Kingdom, former NDLP candidate Charles Stanton, re-contested in Abderdare in Wales, but lost. John Taylor who was jointly Liberal Coalition and NDLP originally lost Dumbarton Burghs in Scotland. The last sitting 'member' the NDLP was Eldred Hallas, however, he had defected to the Labour Party (becoming Birmingham's first Labour Member of Parliament) but stood down from this election.
Amongst the minor parties and independents at this election, the number of seats dropped from 21 seats to 8 overall in the county and borough constituencies.
Coalition Labour and the National Democratic and Labour Party had become defunct since the last election, with candidates either joining and standing for the Liberal National Party and losing their seats, or standing as independents. former Coalition Labour Member of Parliament George Roberts, who had since left Coalition Labour, won one of the two seats in Norwich as an independent. Another independent, Austin Hopkinson, won Mossley. Hopkinson was originally part of the Coalition Liberals, and his win was a gain from the National Liberal Party. He would hold the seat until 1929, but then hold the seat again from 1931 to 1945. Then former Conservative Oswald Mosley won Harrow, having run against a candidate from his former party. With the three losses to Independents against the three gains, the number of independents was overall remain unchanged.
The disbanded National Party lost its two seats at this election. It lost Walsall to the Liberal Party. It also lost Bournemouth wherein former-National Party Member of Parliament Henry Page Croft won the seat after having switched to the Conservative Party.
A total of 16 Independent Conservative candidates stood in the county and borough constituencies at the election. 12 simply as Independent Conservative candidates, with four who stood sponsored by local organisations or other minor conservative parties and organisations, such as the Anti-Waste League or Independent Parliamentary Group. James Erskine won Westminster St George's in sponsorship of the St George's, Hanover Square, Independent Conservative Association, with Harry Becker winning Richmond (Surrey) as part of the Anti-Waste League. Both won seats from the Conservative Party. Additionally, Gordon Hall Caine won East Dorset from former Coalition Liberal Chief Whip Freddie Guest, therefore representing a gain from the National Liberal Party. With Robert Hewitt Barker losing his seat in Sowerby to the Conservatives, the number of Conservative Independent seats was increased to three seats in total.
Josiah Wedgwood, who is classed as an Independent Liberal (due to not receiving a coalition Coupon at the last election) although he was a member of the Liberal Party, won Newcastle-under-Lyme though as the official Labour candidate. However, an Independent Liberal, J. R. M. Butler, won in the seat at Cambridge University constituency against the Conservatives in the second round of voting in that seat. The number of Independent Liberals was unchanged. George Jarrett, who is classed as a National Liberal but also standing on the basis of being a Constitutionalist candidate, won Dartford.
The 1929–30 Paterson Crescents season was both the Crescents' second (and final full) season of existence as a professional franchise (as well as their only full season in the ABL under that name) after having had their first professional season in the ABL go under the Paterson Whirlwinds name and the fifth season of existence for the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. However, Paterson's history as a franchise had supposedly lasted as far back as 1909 by first appearing under their original Paterson Whirlwinds name in the Hudson River Basketball League before becoming the Paterson Crescents properly in the next two seasons there (and for most of their existence) soon afterward as well, with a brief year of independent play later giving them appearances in the New York State Basketball League, the Interstate Basketball League, the Pennsylvania State Basketball League (for some odd reason), and the Metropolitan Basketball League as the Paterson Crescents before eventually being picked up by the ABL in 1928 as the Paterson Whirlwinds, with this season marking at least their 19th overall season of play (due to two seasons being lost due to World War I) and at least their 12th overall professional basketball season with some sort of professional basketball league when combining the histories of all of these leagues with this season of play here. Regardless of the overall sentiment at hand here, Paterson's franchise would still end up being one of the worst franchises of the entire league, if not the worst franchise in the league by the end of the season when it was all said and done. During the first half of the season, the ABL saw eight teams competing in the league to start out this season, but the number dwindled down to seven following the sudden departure of the Original Celtics following their quick return to the ABL after a season-long hiatus and then six by the time the first half of the season just about concluded when the Syracuse All-Americans decided to withdraw from the league on January 6, 1930 (with Syracuse deciding to forfeit their final four games of the season). As a result of that fact, Paterson would technically end up finishing the first half of the season in last place with a below-average 10–14 record for a 6th place finish (though one can say they technically weren't last there due to the placement of the Syracuse All-Americans (and to a much lesser extent, the Original Celtics) there). Not only that, but the second half of the season would be even worse for them since they ended that half of the season with an even worse 8–22 to finish in dead last place in the league, which easily led to them failing to qualify for the championship round in the ABL this season.
Note: In addition to these players, Paterson also included an unknown forward with the last name of Roe and an unknown center with the last of Weaver as a part of their roster for this season as well.
† – Withdrew from the ABL before the first half of the season officially ended, with the New York (Original) Celtics dropping out of the league on December 19, 1929 and the Syracuse All-Americans dropping out of the ABL (and forfeiting their final four games of the first half of the season by default) on January 6, 1930 near the end of the first half of the season.
* – Withdrew from the ABL after playing only ten total games during the first half of this season, with their games being stricken from the official league record books during this season despite having an average record this season.
The 2025–26 Morgan State Lady Bears basketball team represented Morgan State University during the 2025–26 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Lady Bears, led by first-year head coach Nadine Domond, played their home games at Hill Field House in Baltimore, Maryland as members of the Mid-Eastern Athletic Conference (MEAC).
The Lady Bears finished the 2024–25 season 13–17, 6–8 in MEAC play, to finish in a tie for fifth place. They were defeated by Maryland Eastern Shore in the quarterfinals of the MEAC tournament.
Following the season, on March 19, 2025, head coach Ed Davis Jr. announced his retirement, ending his 13-year tenure with the program, the last nine as head coach. On April 9, the school announced the hiring of Virginia State head coach Nadine Domond as the team's new head coach.
The 1964 NSW Federation of Soccer Clubs (NSWSF) season was the eighth season of soccer in New South Wales under the administration of the federation since its breakaway from the NSW Soccer Football Association in January 1957.
The first four teams at the close of the regular season were nominated to represent the NSWSF at the Australia Cup. Representatives for the 1964 tournament were APIA Leichhardt, St George-Budapest, South Coast United and Prague. Prague and South Coast United were defeated by APIA Leichhardt and St George-Budapest respectively, with St George losing to APIA in the semi finals, and APIA Leichhardt losing to George Cross in the final.
The home and away regular season began March and ended in August after 22 rounds. APIA Leichhardt FC finished first on the ladder to become regular season premiers for the first time in its history with the federation.
The finals series was primarily held throughout September with a four-team playoff series. After two previous defeats in grand finals, regular season premiers APIA Leichhardt recorded their first championship with a 7–2 victory over Budapest in the grand final.
The home and away regular season began in late March and ended in August after 22 rounds. Polonia-North Side finished first on the ladder to become regular season premiers.
The finals series began in September with a four-team playoff series. Premiers Polonia-North Side defeated 3rd-placed Granville AEK 1–0 in the grand final to become second division champions for the first time.
The 1933–34 Brooklyn Visitations season was their thirteenth professional basketball season in Brooklyn, New York, as well as their first season in what would be the revived version of the American Basketball League (though if one were to include the original ABL seasons they played in with the revived version of the ABL, the Visitations would appear in five total seasons (four full total seasons) within the combined operations of the American Basketball League instead). After previously competing in the short-lived revival of the Metropolitan Basketball League for two straight seasons, the Visitations and MBL president John J. O'Brien would join up with the final MBL champion Brooklyn Jewels, the Bronx Americans, the Hoboken Thourots, and the Union City Reds alongside the Eastern Basketball League's champion Trenton Moose and Philadelphia Sphas (with the last team competing under the alternative Philadelphia Hebrews name at this time) and later the Newark Bears to create the revived, regional version of the American Basketball League that would essentially be connected to the original American Basketball League that the Visitations had previously played under for the last four seasons of that league's original existence there. While most of the rules in the revived ABL would remain the same as the original ABL held in its history (including utilizing the old split season formatting that was held throughout most of the ABL's existence in the first place), one key difference would see games be played under three 15 minute periods instead of two 20 minute halves in an attempt to provide better results for the games played in this iteration of the ABL. With all of this in mind, the Visitations would end up having an average first half of their first season back in the (revived) ABL, as they would have an average 12–12 record that would place them behind the Philadelphia SPHAs / Hebrews, the former Metropolitan Basketball League champion Brooklyn Jewels, and the former Eastern Basketball League champion Trenton Moose. However, their second half of their first season back in the ABL in its revived formatting would end up being a whole lot worse for the Visitations, as they would end up having only one total victory for that half of the season to finish dead last with a well below-average 1–8 record (being one game behind that of the Bronx Americans to tie them for seventh place instead), easily failing to qualify for the ABL's championship series for this season. Despite those late struggles to close out the season, the Visitations would continue to play in the ABL for another season not long afterward.
a Became the Camden Brewers after losing their first 4 games of the season by November 23, 1933, then became the New Britain Palaces by January 10, 1934 after Camden won only two out of their next eight games, with New Britain entering the first half of the season with a 2–12 record afterward.
The 1932–33 Brooklyn Visitations season was their twelfth professional basketball season in Brooklyn, New York, as well as their second and final season in what would be the revived version of the Metropolitan Basketball League (though if one were to include the original MBL seasons with the revived version of the MBL, the Visitations would appear in nine total seasons within the combined operations of the Metropolitan Basketball League instead), with this season being an attempt for the Visitations to repeat as champions in the revived MBL (and win three straight professional basketball championships in the process). Unlike the previous season in the revived MBL where the teams competing had structure involved (despite it being more abbreviated in nature due to it being only 12 games long for its regular season), this full season of the revived Metropolitan Basketball League would be a lot more messy in terms of team structure by comparison when competing in the split season format once again as opposed to having a whole, proper regular season at hand, as by the start of the regular season, two of the revived MBL's original teams in the Brooklyn Jewish Center and the Jamaica St. Monicas (sometimes referred to as the Jamaica St. Monica Lyceums) ended up dropping out of the (revived) MBL, though they would attempt to look better as a league upon first glance by adding in a new fellow Brooklyn-based team in the Brooklyn Hillhouse (sometimes spelled as the Brooklyn Hill House), a new Jamaica-based team called the Corbett's Jamaicans (sometimes referred to as the Jamaica Corbetts), a new Yonkers, New York team in the Yonkers Knights, and a new Paterson, New Jersey team in the Paterson Continentals to have nine teams around to start the new season for a full, split regular season in the revived Metropolitan Basketball League. After only four games played to start out this season, the Brooklyn Hillhouse team dropped out of the league and were replaced by the Brooklyn Americans for the rest of the first half of the season. This later led to three more teams in the MBL dropping out of the league by the end of the first half of the season with the Corbett's Jamaicans (sometimes referred to as the Jamaica Corbetts), the Long Island Pros (who sometimes were referred to as the Long Island Imps, the Long Island Pro-Imps, or even the Long Island Imperials instead), and the Paterson Continentals all dropping out of the league after only the first half of that season concluded (leaving the revived MBL with only six teams competing for the second half of the season at the time), with the Metropolitan Basketball League forcing the creation of a new team in Jersey City with the Jersey City Palace Diamonds to help expand their league a bit once again into only seven teams for the second half of the season. However, despite the improvised way to help the league out for the second half of the season, even that half saw some issues occur when the Brooklyn Americans got replaced for the rest of the (second half of the) season by the Bronx-based Bronx St. Martins following a poor 2–7 start for the second half of the season. In any case, the Visitations' second (and final) season in the revived Metropolitan Basketball League wouldn't go so well when compared to how they performed in their first season there. While the Visitations were still one of the better teams in the league that season, they wouldn't perform well enough to live up to their championship-defending status this time around, as their first half of the season would see them get an above-average 9–6 record for a third place finish behind only the Hoboken Lisas and the first half champion Brooklyn Jewels, while the second half of the season saw their record improve to a 12–8 finish, but it would still end up being a third place finish there behind the two teams that tied for first place in the second half of the season in the Brooklyn Jewels and the Union City Reds, which ultimately led to the Visitations failing to defend their championship this season. Following the conclusion of this season, the Visitations would join final MBL champion Brooklyn Jewels, the since-renamed Bronx Americans, the since-renamed Hoboken Thourots, and the Union City Reds under the supervision of MBL president John J. O'Brien (with other teams joining them including Eastern Basketball League contenders in the Trenton Moose and Philadelphia Sphas and later the Newark Bears) in order to create a revived version of the American Basketball League.
Due to information on older professional basketball leagues being generally hard (if not outright impossible these days) to find for players from leagues like the revived Metropolitan Basketball League, there are bound to be more gaps and/or inaccuracies found in certain areas on the team's roster spots than usual.
** – The Brooklyn Hillhouse team (who sometimes might have been referred to as the Brooklyn Hill House instead) was replaced by the Brooklyn Americans team following the first four games played in the first half of the season. (Presumably, the Hillhouse team was 2–2 in terms of games played this season before leaving on December 30, 1932, while the Americans were 1–10 in the first half of the season.)
** – The Brooklyn Americans became the Bronx St. Martins on February 7, 1933 following a 2–7 start for the second half of the season.
The 1931–32 Brooklyn Visitations season was their eleventh professional basketball season in Brooklyn, New York, as well as their first season in what would be the revived version of the Metropolitan Basketball League (though if one were to include the original MBL seasons with the revived version of the MBL, the Visitations would appear in eight total seasons within the combined operations of the Metropolitan Basketball League instead). Unlike the other seasons before or since this period of time, the Brooklyn Visitations would technically only exist as an independent team for the rest of 1931, if even that, before the Metropolitan Basketball League ended up being revived by future Naismith Basketball Hall of Famer John J. O'Brien on February 10, 1932 as a sort of abridged, abbreviated version of what a proper regular season for that league would have been due to the late start of reviving the league after John J. O'Brien previously delayed its revival due to him thinking he could have potentially had a 1931–32 season occur for the (original) American Basketball League back when O'Brien ended up being the president of the ABL instead of the MBL. As a result of this awkward, yet interesting kind of formatting on display here, the 1931–32 season for both the revived version of the Metropolitan Basketball League and the Brooklyn Visitations alike (alongside the other teams competing in the revived MBL during this particular season) could reasonably be seen as just them playing in the 1932 season only instead. In any case, the Visitations were one of seven teams competing in this revived (regional) professional basketball league (with the Visitations being the only holdover from the original ABL entering the revived MBL altogether), where in addition to the city of Brooklyn utilizing multiple new teams of their own in the Brooklyn Jewels and the Brooklyn Jewish Center, there would also be teams added in Jamaica, New York with the Jamaica St. Monicas (sometimes being referred to as the Jamaica St. Monica Lyceums instead), Long Island, New York with the Long Island Pros (who sometimes were referred to as the Long Island Imps, the Long Island Pro-Imps, or even the Long Island Imperials instead), Hoboken, New Jersey with the Hoboken Lisas, and Union City, New Jersey with the Union City Reds, where it would be presumed that the winner of the regular season would be the champions of the season by default if there wasn't a tiebreaker championship series to determine things otherwise. Luckily for the revived MBL, despite them only having twelve total games to play in this season due in part to the Great Depression (which would make this the shortest season in the franchise's history), both the Brooklyn Visitations and the Brooklyn Jewels would end up tying for first place due to them both having a 10–2 record to each be two games ahead of the second-best team there otherwise (the Union City Reds), which led to the revived Metropolitan Basketball League utilizing a best-of-three championship series between the two Brooklyn-based teams to determine who the new champion (and best Brooklyn team between the two of them) would be in this revived league. While it would ultimately be determined that the older Visitations team would technically get home court advantage for this series before it essentially went into two neutral home court territories that would technically favor the Visitations as the home court team instead, the MBL's championship series would see the Visitations get the inaugural (revived) MBL championship series to not only repeat as champions in different leagues (and win their fifth overall professional basketball championship), but also win what would be their final championship ever within the MBL's history (and the only one in the revived version's history for good measure) due to the Visitations winning their only home court game in Game 1 and then stealing away a close Game 3 from the newer Jewels franchise.
Due to the shortened regular season combined with both teams tying up their regular season records with each other, this championship series could also be seen as a tiebreaker first place series as well.
The 1921–22 Brooklyn Visitations season was both their first ever professional basketball season in Brooklyn, New York and their first ever overall season in the (original version of the) Metropolitan Basketball League, which would actually be created during this particular season here. When joining the Metropolitan Basketball League, the Visitations would join the (mostly) regional teams of the area in both the fellow Brooklyn-based Brooklyn Dodgers basketball team and the Brooklyn Prospect Power Five (which were sometimes just shortened down to the Brooklyn Pros instead) alongside the nearby Greenport, New York based Greenpoint Knights of St. Anthony, the New York City based New York MacDowell Lyceum, and the Paterson, New Jersey based Paterson Power Brothers Five (which were sometimes shortened down to either the Power Brothers or just the Powers instead) as one of six teams to help create the league under the leadership of future Naismith Basketball Hall of Famer John J. O'Brien and William Colgan. Not only that, but the MBL would decide to utilize a proper regular season format as opposed to the split season formatting that some professional basketball leagues of the time would utilize for one reason or another (though it would also be a league that allowed for double dribbling to occur alongside utilizing an indoor cage for the sport, which was considered part of the rules for the sport of basketball at the time). As a result of this decision, however, the MBL would have a championship series occur between the two best teams of the league, regardless of if they had a tied record for the season or not. Unfortunately for the Visitations, they would not be one of the two qualifying teams in the MBL this time around, as they would end up having a below-average 9–11 record that tied the Greenpoint Knights of St. Anthony for a fourth place finish that barely had them both ahead of only the lowly Paterson Power Brothers Five team. Not only that, but the championship series that was planned between the two best teams this season in the Brooklyn Dodgers basketball team and the New York MacDowell Lyceum team would end up being called off when the New York squad had their players go on strike for the purpose of better payment towards the players' ends since the MBL would only allow three previously established professional basketball players for each team for the purpose of keeping salaries down for the teams' ends; this led to the Brooklyn Dodgers basketball team being declared the league's inaugural champions by default, which would place a negative first impression for the MBL under its initial run, though they would still continue going due in part to perceived weaknesses within the bigger (rivaling) and longer established Eastern Basketball League that the Original Celtics Hall of Fame team would help exploit.
Due to information on older professional basketball leagues being generally hard (if not outright impossible these days) to find for players from leagues like the Metropolitan Basketball League, there are bound to be more gaps and/or inaccuracies found in certain areas on the team's roster spots than usual.
The Brooklyn Dodgers basketball team were later declared the league's champion by default once the New York MacDowell Lyceum team ended up going on a player's strike in hopes of improving their financial situations there.
The 1925–26 Brooklyn Visitations season was both their fifth professional basketball season in Brooklyn, New York and their fifth overall season in the (original version of the) Metropolitan Basketball League. Entering this season, the Metropolitan Basketball League its presence as a major national basketball league get decreased a fair bit when the newly rivaling American Basketball League would create what would be described as the first ever truly national professional basketball league after most other professional basketball leagues of the early era like the Metropolitan Basketball League would be more like regional professional basketball leagues instead of actually national basketball leagues for the time. With that being said, the MBL would end up trying to grow as a proper professional basketball league despite that immediate professional threat and the league seeing the Trenton (Royal) Bengals drop out of the league this season as they would get new teams in Newark, New Jersey and New York City in the Newark Bears and the New York Pros respectively, as well the Yonkers Chippewas being rebranded into the Yonkers Indians and the Kingston Colonials moving their operations to Perth Amboy, New Jersey to become the Perth Amboy Mets (though they might have been known as the Perth Amboy Amboyans instead) going forward as well in order to have seven teams competing in the league this season. Unfortunately for the Visitations, they would end up having a poor start to their season with their first half of the season by having a below-average 8–13 record to finish the season in what can be considered either a fifth place or sixth place team (depending on whether one would count the New York Pros' 5–4 record as a part of the official standings for the season), as they would only be ahead of the Newark Bears for the first half of the season. Luckily for the Visitations, they would end up going nearly undefeated in the second half of the season (which also saw the Perth Amboy Mets/Amboyans move away from Perth Amboy to Passaic, New Jersey on January 26, 1926 to become the Passaic Mets for the rest of the season going forward instead) with an 8–1, though they would also be tied with the Greenpoint Knights of St. Anthony for that half of the season due to them also having a nearly undefeated 8–1 on their ends as well. This ended up resulting in the Visitations competing in a second half first place tiebreaker series against the Greenpoint Knights of St. Anthony, though they unfortunately ended up losing 2–0 to the Greenpoint franchise (with their first game lost being a close 28–27 defeat at home and the second loss being a more brutal 22–15 beatdown on the road), with Greenpoint later winning the league's championship series 2–1 over the first half champion Yonkers Indians (with the third game specifically being played in the nearby city of Brooklyn as a neutral site instead of in Greenpoint), thus preventing the Brooklyn Visitations from having a threepeat in the MBL in the process.
* – The Perth Amboy Mets (who might have been known as the Perth Amboy Amboyans either as well or instead) ended up moving out from Perth Amboy, New Jersey to nearby Passaic, New Jersey to become the Passaic Mets for the second half of the season instead.
* – The Passaic Mets took on the place of the Perth Amboy Mets (who might have also played as the Perth Amboy Amboyans) for the second half of the season once the team moved from Perth Amboy to nearby Passaic, New Jersey for the rest of the season going forward.
Due to the Brooklyn Visitations and the Greenpoint Knights of St. Anthony tying for first place in the second half of the season despite them both nearly being undefeated throughout that entire half of this particular season, this season would technically be marketed as an equivalent of the MBL playoffs occurring instead of straight up defaulting into the MBL's championship series only for this season due to the structure of the split season format at hand.
Despite both the Brooklyn Visitations and the Greenpoint Knights of St. Anthony nearly being undefeated by the time the second half of this season concluded (likely due to each of them losing one game against each other during that particular half of the season), the MBL would have those two competing in a best-of-three series, with the winning team in this series being able to automatically qualify for the ABL's championship series as the second half first place team competing against the first half first place team this season, the Yonkers Indians. Unfortunately for the Visitations, they would end up being swept by the Greenpoint Knights of St. Anthony (though the dates for the two games are currently unknown and are potentially lost to time in the process) and fail to qualify for the championship series, which would be the official playoffs for the ABL properly during their existence in that league. Even worse for the Visitations, the Greenpoint Knights of St. Anthony would end up winning the MBL's championship series following the tiebreaker series played from March 27-April 6, 1926, with the final game in that series ironically being played in Brooklyn instead of in Greenpoint.
The 1927–28 Brooklyn Visitations season was their seventh professional basketball season in Brooklyn, New York, their seventh and final season played in the (original version of the) Metropolitan Basketball League, and their first season played in what would be the third season of existence for the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. When the Visitations entered what would end up becoming the final season of the (original version of the) Metropolitan Basketball League, the MBL would desperately add a bunch of new teams into their previously shortened up league with the Albany Senators from Albany, New York; the Catskill Howitzers from Catskill, New York; the Hudson Club (who didn't officially have a proper team name found for some unknown reason) from Hudson, New York; the Troy Trojans from Troy, New York; and the Paterson Pats from Paterson, New Jersey replacing the Paterson Crescents to create the newly-reformed seven team league that went alongside the already established Brooklyn Visitations (who were the only remaining long-standing team by this point in time) and Kingston Colonials from Kingston, New York from the previous season. However, the MBL's final season of existence would see some serious problems within almost immediately upon its beginning, as despite the Paterson Pats defeating the Kingston Colonials 33–14 on November 5, 1927 and the Hudson Club 24–17 on December 15, 1927 in convincing manners when they played matches against them (though one of those matches would be considered an exhibition match while the other match would be considered an official MBL match properly), the Paterson Pats would end up leaving the league days later on November 8, 1927 (though it's also slated they left on December 15, 1927 instead) with Paterson's general manager Joe Murray believing his team was too good for the rest of the competition (though that game would end up being counted as a loss by the MBL instead due to protests by the opposing team involving the Pats utilizing John Beckman from the Detroit Cardinals / Olympians in the rivaling American Basketball League as a part of their roster for that game). While the MBL would try to remain afloat within itself by utilizing only six teams for the rest of the season once again going forward, the Visitations themselves would end up getting a call from the bigger, stronger, and technically rivaling American Basketball League to join their league as the replacement team for the Washington Palace Five team that dropped out of the league on January 3, 1928 alongside the Detroit Cardinals / Olympians, ironically enough, though the Visitations' stipulation on joining the ABL would involve them taking on the spot previously held by the Washington Palace Five (sometimes referred to as the Laundrymen as a more proper team name due to the Palace Five name being a shorthand for George Preston Marshall's local Washington Palace Laundry laundromat business) and having the 7–15 record of the Washington, D.C. team be a part of the Visitations for the rest of their ABL season since their joining would be seen more as like a merger between the two teams from the different leagues by comparison. As such, the Visitations' own exit from the Metropolitan Basketball League would be seen as the final curtain call of sorts for the original MBL's run, as they would end their regular season period ten days later on January 14, though the Kingston Colonials and Catskill Howitzers (the two best teams of the MBL by that point in time) would host what might be considered as an impromptu best-of-three championship series to determine the final champions of that league's existence for the month of February, with Kingston ultimately sweeping the young Catskill franchise to win the final championship in the MBL's original history.
When the Visitations entered the bigger and better ran American Basketball League near what could be considered as the halfway point of their season, they would enter a league where no cages or double dribbling would be allowed since the ABL would utilize a mixture of professional basketball rules from the past and rules that would fit the Amateur Athletic Union of the time. Not only that, but they would also enter the league under an inherent disadvantage throughout the remainder of the ABL's season (which would be done in a proper regular season format as opposed to the more regular split season formatting that both the MBL and the ABL had implemented in the past), with the Visitations entering a four team Eastern Division (in a time that featured the defending ABL champion Original Celtics, the Philadelphia Warriors, and the Rochester Centrals as the surviving teams there after the Washington Palace Five folded operations and technically merged operations with the Brooklyn Visitations) as the last place team there in a time when the Western Division would only have three teams remaining on their ends (the Chicago Bruins, the Cleveland Rosenblums, and the Fort Wayne Hoosiers following the removal of the Detroit Cardinals / Olympians) and that division's playoff teams were already essentially confirmed earlier on due to the Bruins easily being the worst team in that division. Despite entering the ABL under such significant disadvantages, however, the revamped Brooklyn Visitations following their technical merger with the Washington Palace Five team previous owned by future Washington Redskins NFL team owner George Preston Marshall (due to them acquiring four of the players from the Palace Five squad) would end up improving the overall record that the previous Laundrymen team had by putting up an 18–11 record for the rest of the season, which helped improve the team's spot during this season. If the Visitations would have entered the ABL's season with the 18–11 record that they had gotten on their own accord in the end, they would have not only moved up from the Rochester Centrals in the Eastern Division, but also stolen second place in the division away from the Philadelphia Warriors to qualify for the ABL Playoffs against the 40–9 Original Celtics due to their overall win percentage being better by comparison. However, because the Visitations entered this ABL season as a continuation of the Washington Palace Five team that left the league near the start of the 1928 year, the Palace Five turned Visitations franchise would ultimately not qualify for the ABL's playoffs in the end due to them officially finishing the season in third place with a below-average 25–26 record that showcased the deficit that the Washington franchise gave to Brooklyn was ultimately too big of a hindrance to overcome in the end for the new Brooklyn franchise that would enter the ABL as the official replacements for the Palace Five squad. However, this would be the only season where the Brooklyn Visitations would be limited in the ABL by utilizing another team's record as a disadvantage on their ends, as going forward for the rest of their history as a franchise, the Visitations would be competing under their own names only going forward (outside of one brief moment in 1936 where the team briefly moved to Paterson, New Jersey to become the Paterson Visitations for a bit of time instead).
Due to information on older professional basketball leagues being generally hard (if not outright impossible these days) to find for players from leagues like the "original" Metropolitan Basketball League and the American Basketball League (the latter league to a lesser extent by comparison to the former league in question), there are bound to be more gaps and/or inaccuracies found in certain areas on the team's roster spots than usual. Not only that, but this roster would be listing out the combined rosters held within both the "original" Metropolitan Basketball League and the American Basketball League during this season only.
During the team's time spent within the Metropolitan Basketball League earlier this season, the Visitations would briefly see an unknown forward with the last name of Brooks and an unknown center with the last name of Hillcrest joining the team for a game each as well, with the team's roster during their time within the MBL also including Mike Arrasate, Marty Bobbenrieth, George Clough, Red Conaty, Rody Cooney, John Frank, Bob Grody, Willie Lapchick, Harry McCrystal, Tom Purcell, Frank Roxbury, Willie Scrill, Eddie Stuchbury, and Dave Tobey as well. Not only that, but during the team's time within the American Basketball League, four of the Visitations' players from this season in Red Conaty, Mark Harper, Ray Kennedy, and Rusty Saunders would also play for the original Washington Palace Five team seen above as well while they were in the ABL before the Visitations replaced the Palace Five squad, with the Visitations' ABL roster also including Cliff Anderson, Joe Brennan, Rody Cooney, Pat Herlihy, Willie Scrill, and Bucky Williams as well.
* – The Brooklyn Visitations would drop out of the Metropolitan Basketball League on January 4, 1928, with them later taking over the spot of the Washington Palace Five team in the rivaling American Basketball League for the rest of the season going forward.
× – Officially, the Paterson Pats would defeat the Kingston Colonials 33–14 on November 5, 1927. However, Paterson's manager, Joe Murray, would end up withdrawing their team from the league three days later on November 8 due to the Pats thinking themselves as too good for the rest of the competition in the MBL (with the match later be declared a forfeited loss by Paterson instead to the MBL's record books, with Kingston being declared the winners by default afterward due to John Beckman playing for Paterson despite him being under contract for the Detroit Cardinals / Olympians in the rivaling ABL by comparison at the time the match was first played). (The Pats would not only later play against the Hudson Club in the month of December, but also play against other ABL teams in exhibition matches throughout the rest of the season as well.)
The Metropolitan Basketball League would play their last game of the regular season on January 14, 1928, with the Kingston Colonials and the Catskill Howitzers hosting what might be considered an impromptu best-of-three championship series to crown what can be considered the final (original) Metropolitan Basketball League champion in league history a month later within the month of February.
* – The Washington Palace Five / Laundrymen franchise would have their franchise rights and record be transferred out to the Brooklyn Visitations by January 3, 1928 for the unofficial second half of the season. The placements for the Washington Palace Five / Laundrymen team and the Brooklyn Visitations team would be the unofficial placements for the ABL this season had they competed as their own squads during this season.
The 1927–28 Rochester Centrals season was both the Centrals' third season of existence as a professional franchise in the city of Rochester, New York and the third season of existence for the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. For the first season ever in the league's history (and the only time in its inaugural period of existence), the ABL would abandon its split season formatting to have one whole regular season of play, with the eight teams there competing in two divisions of four teams each (with Washington competing in the Eastern Division alongside teams like the Original Celtics (labeled as the New York (Original) Celtics during this season), the Philadelphia Warriors, and the Rochester Centrals). However, even this season would see some issues going on within the league, as not only would the Detroit Cardinals / Olympians expansion team end up folding operations on January 3, 1928 following poor attendance issues, but the Washington Palace Five / Laundrymen team would end up being replaced by the Metropolitan Basketball League's Brooklyn Visitations at the exact same time in the process. Despite these issues going on within the ABL, Rochester had entered that period of time being the second-best team within the Eastern Division at the time behind the Original Celtics franchise, with the Centrals having an 11–5 record by New Year's Eve. However, once the changes within the ABL occurred, the Centrals would experience a seriously awful reversal of fortunes upon the rest of their season going forward, as they would end up having a 15–22 record to tie their placement with the Philadelphia Warriors at one point to hold second place in the Eastern Division. Unlike the Philadelphia Warriors, who would end up turning things around long enough to finish the season with a 30–21 record, the Rochester Centrals would end up continuing their losing woes for the rest of the 1928 year for this season, as they would not only finish the season with a 24–28 record, but also finish the season with a last place finish in the Eastern Division behind the combined placement of the Washington Palace Five and the Brooklyn Visitations working together for this season. As such, the Centrals would fail to qualify for the newly-created ABL playoffs that were made for this season.
Note: In addition to all of these players, there was also an unknown forward with the last name of Connelly that briefly was on the team as well.
* – The Washington Palace Five / Laundrymen franchise would have their franchise rights and record be transferred out to the Brooklyn Visitations by January 3, 1928 for the unofficial second half of the season.
The 1925–26 Rochester Centrals season was both the Centrals' first season of existence as a professional franchise in the city of Rochester, New York and the first season of existence for the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. The American Basketball League's inaugural season would have nine teams competing in that season (while a tenth team in East Liverpool, Ohio was intended to join the Centrals and the other eight teams in question for this season, the East Liverpool team ultimately withdrew operations before the season even began properly, with other failed locations that had submitted entries to start the ABL's inaugural season including Baltimore, Maryland (who eventually got their own team the following season); Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and two more locations in the state of Ohio via Columbus and Camden), though the ABL would compete in a split season format with two half seasons being utilized instead of one whole season being utilized throughout the season (which would be the case throughout the majority of the league's existence in the first place). However, by the time the first half of the season ended and the second half of the season began, the Boston Whirlwinds would be expelled from the ABL due to a dispute over player contracts, which led to the ABL entering the second half of the season with only eight teams remaining in their league this time around. In any case, the first season for the Centrals would look to be an above-average one, at least on the surface level. The first half of the season would see the Rochester franchise barely get themselves an above-average record of 9–7, which would be good enough for a fourth place finish to be behind that of the Cleveland Rosenblums, the Washington Palace Five team, and the Brooklyn Arcadians. As for the second half of the season, the Centrals would generally see themselves perform around the same way as they had done in the first half of the season, with Rochester having an even better 9–5 record for a third place finish to only behind that of the Washington Palace Five and the nearly undefeated Cleveland Rosenblums. Unfortunately, due to the way the split season formatting worked for the ABL's season, the Centrals would ultimately fail to qualify for any sort of playoff competition in the process, which was just a championship series between the two best teams of each half-season at this point in time (which were the Brooklyn Arcadians and the Cleveland Rosenblums).
Note: In addition to all of these players, there was also an unknown guard with the last name of Trottley that briefly was on the team as well.
The 1925–26 Detroit Pulaski Post Five season was the first and only full professional basketball season of play for the Pulaski Post Five team (who sometimes were shortened down to just the Pulaski Post, the Pulaskis, or even just the Pulaski) in the capital city of Detroit, Michigan under the original version of the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. The American Basketball League's inaugural season would have nine teams competing in that season (while a tenth team in East Liverpool, Ohio was intended to join the Detroit squad alongside the other eight teams in question for this season, the East Liverpool team ultimately withdrew operations before the season even began properly, with other failed locations that had submitted entries to start the ABL's inaugural season including Baltimore, Maryland (who eventually got their own team the following season); Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and two more locations in the state of Ohio via Columbus and Camden), though the ABL would compete in a split season format with two half seasons being utilized instead of one whole season being utilized throughout the season (which would be the case throughout the majority of the league's existence in the first place). However, by the time the first half of the season ended and the second half of the season began, the Boston Whirlwinds would be expelled from the ABL due to a dispute over player contracts, which led to the ABL entering the second half of the season with only eight teams remaining in their league this time around. In any case, the first season for the Pulaski Post Five franchise would end up being a poor one for the team, as player-coach Tillie Voss would be let go of after an average 3–3 start to the season and be replaced by a different player-coach in Bruno Smokiewicz for the rest of the season soon afterward. As a result of that move, the first half of the season would see Detroit get a below-average 6–10 record that had them tie both the Boston Whirlwinds (who had been expelled from the league at the end of the first half of the season due to player contract disputes) and the Chicago Bruins for a sixth place finish that had them be ahead of only the Buffalo Bisons by one game from that half of the season. Unfortunately for the Pulaski Post Five squad, they would end up performing even worse in the second half of the season despite having one less team to worry about for that particular half of the season, as they finished it in dead last place with only two wins on their ends for a 2–12 record to essentially be the worst overall team in the ABL this season. While the Detroit Pulaski Post Five team would end up competing in the ABL for the following season afterward (though they would later change their team name to the Detroit Lions), they would end up facing offseason woes that would end up causing a premature demise to their franchise early on into that upcoming season.
In addition to them, it was believed that someone named Glen Deitrick was also on the roster at one point in time as well, though he never officially played a single game for the team in the process.
The 21st Annual Seoul International Drama Awards (Korean: 제21회 서울 드라마 어워즈) festival is set to be held on October 6–10, 2026 at KBS Hall, Yeouido, Seoul. The host is the Seoul Drama Awards Organizing Committee (Korean Broadcasters Association), and the event is supported by the Ministry of Culture, Sports and Tourism, the Seoul Metropolitan Government, KBS, MBC, SBS, EBS, and CBS. The sponsor is IDOLCHAMP and MUGEN. 352 entries from 46 countries and regions countries vied for awards in this edition.
The 318th Psychological Operations Company (318th POC) is a tactical psychological operations unit of the United States Army Reserve based at Jefferson Barracks Military Post in Missouri. The company is assigned to the 10th Psychological Operations Battalion, which is subordinate to the 7th Psychological Operations Group.
Prior to the current numerical designation, the St. Louis-based unit was known as the 18th Psychological Operations Company (Tactical) (Direct Support), abbreviated 18th POC (TAC)(DS).The 18th POC operated during Operation Desert Shield and Operation Desert Storm, and the company was designated as the 318th POC.
The 318th POC forms part of the Army Reserve's tactical psychological operations structure. Tactical psychological operations companies provide commanders with personnel trained in target-audience analysis, product development, face-to-face communication, media dissemination and loudspeaker operations.
Its parent organization, the 10th Psychological Operations Battalion, was constituted in the Regular Army in November 1967 and activated in Vietnam the following month. The battalion was inactivated in 1971, allotted to the Army Reserve and reactivated at St. Louis on 30 October 1975.
In December 1990, the company was based in St. Louis and designated the 18th Psychological Operations Company. Following the expansion of American forces assigned to Operation Desert Shield, the United States Army selected the 18th and four other Army Reserve psychological operations companies to provide tactical loudspeaker detachments.
The 18th POC provided a 15-member detachment consisting of four three-person loudspeaker teams, an officer in charge, a noncommissioned officer in charge and a maintenance specialist. Fort Bragg, North Carolina, served as the detachment's mobilization station. The soldiers completed deployment validation and prepared their vehicles and loudspeaker equipment before departing Pope Air Force Base for Saudi Arabia on 13 January 1991.
During Operation Desert Storm, personnel from the 18th were incorporated into the approximately 70 psychological operations loudspeaker teams distributed among United States and coalition formations. These teams broadcast prerecorded and interpreter-delivered messages intended to encourage Iraqi forces to cease resistance and surrender.
Personnel from the 18th POC mobilized for Operation Joint Endeavor following the signing of the Dayton Agreement in December 1995. Major Thomas Bergman of the 18th commanded three tactical psychological operations teams in Bosnia and Herzegovina. Two supported military-police battalions operating around Tuzla and Lukavac, while another supported the Nordic–Polish brigade in Doboj.
The broader NATO psychological operations campaign was intended to explain the peace agreement, reduce interference with NATO operations and encourage cooperation by the former warring factions. It employed radio, television, newspapers, leaflets, posters and face-to-face communication.
The company was subsequently identified as the 318th Psychological Operations Company. During the 10th POB's 1998 Bosnia rotation, personnel from the 318th and other Army Reserve companies were consolidated into a division psychological operations support element assigned to the American-led Multinational Division North. Publicly available Army lineage records do not identify the precise date or order under which the 18th POC became the 318th POC.
Elements of the 318th subsequently served in Iraq. In April 2010, a tactical psychological operations detachment from the company conducted joint patrols with the 1st Battalion, 377th Field Artillery Regiment and the Iraqi Army in Basra Province. Company personnel met community and tribal leaders and distributed cards containing emergency-response information intended to connect residents with Iraqi security-force call centers.
In 2014, members of the company participated in Beyond the Horizon in Guatemala as part of Task Force Oso. The unit conducted face-to-face engagements with residents of Los Limones in support of medical, dental and engineering activities undertaken by United States and Guatemalan organizations.
A by-election to the Legislative Assembly of Tonga will be held in the Niua 17 constituency on 8 October 2026. The by-election was triggered after the previous representative, Lataifaingataʻa Tangimana, resigned from parliament following his conviction for election bribery.
During the 2025 general election, Lataifaingataʻa Tangimana won the seat in a landslide, with 64% of the vote. He defeated three other candidates, including the incumbent representative, Vatau Hui, who only received 7%. The election produced a parliament composed entirely of independents, with the once dominant Democratic Party of the Friendly Islands failing to capture any seats. The legislature subsequently elected Fatafehi Fakafānua as prime minister, who appointed Tangimana as finance minister. The courts found Tangimana guilty of election bribery on 24 March 2026, and he subsequently resigned from cabinet. He launched an unsuccessful appeal against the conviction and thereafter resigned from parliament, triggering a by-election in the seat. King Tupou VI issued the election writ on 7 August, scheduling the poll for 8 October.
Elections to all 17 Legislative Assembly seats elected by commoners are conducted using the first-past-the-post electoral system. Candidates and voters are required to hold Tongan citizenship, be at least 21 years old, be able to read and write in the Tongan language and not have a mental disability. Contestants also need to reside in the Niua 17 constituency for at least three months before the election, obtain no fewer than 50 signatures from eligible electors, and undergo legal clearance to qualify. As Tonga does not employ overseas voting, all eligible electors must be in the country to cast a ballot.
On 2 June 2023, around 5 p.m., a 39-year-old man with a history of mental illness attacked people with a knife at Plaza Hollywood in Diamond Hill, Kowloon, Hong Kong. Two women, Daniel Fong Hiu-tung, 26, and Amber Lau Kai-hei, 22, were fatally wounded. Police arrested the attacker at the scene.
The case attracted considerable attention from the government, the public, and the media, and sparked public discussion about the effectiveness of treatment for people with mental illness and the impact of their reintegration into society. It was the first random killings by a person with mental illness in Hong Kong in 13 years, since the incident at Kwai Shing East Estate in 2010.
The suspect, Szeto Shing-kwong (司徒成光), 39, was unemployed and lived with his family at Tsz Lok Estate in Tsz Wan Shan. The family of three lives on social welfare. In 2020, after he committed domestic violence, he was diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia. He was initially remanded to Siu Lam Psychiatric Hospital and later ordered to receive treatment at Kwai Chung Hospital. He had sought medical treatment from a doctor in March 2023 and continued to receive medical follow-up thereafter. His next medical appointment would be held on 6 June, just a few days away.
The two victims are 26-year-old Daniel Fong Hiu-tung (方曉彤), who was the only daughter in her family and worked at a restaurant, and 22-year-old Amber Lau Kai-hei (劉繼禧), who was a hairstylist at a hair salon in Tsim Sha Tsui and also worked part-time as a bar waitress. The two women were a lesbian couple and were living together with friends in Lung Mei Village, Tai Mei Tuk. Lau met Fong at the bar she worked a month before the incident. At the time of the incident, Lau and Fong had been shopping at the mall and planned to attend a birthday banquet for Fong's grandfather at a restaurant in Ping Shek Estate.
At about 5:00 p.m. on 2 June 2023, a bald man, Szeto Shing-kwong, wearing a white vest, black shorts and a shoulder bag, entered Hollywood Plaza alone. He went to the second-floor store Life Kan, where he purchased a 12-inch unopened sashimi knife, then wandered around the mall for several minutes. The store is just 200 meters away from the scene.
At about 5:10 p.m., outside Sa Sa on the third floor, he suddenly repeatedly stabbed a short-haired woman in black, Fong Hiu-tung, in the waist from behind. She struggled, and after she fell, he continued stabbing toward her stomach and her heart. Her companion, a long-haired woman, Lau Kai-hei, attempted to intervene and protect her, but was unsuccessful. As Lau dragged Fong away, the suspect pursued them, stabbing Lau in the neck and continuing to stab Fong in the chest. Fong was eventually found critically injured outside the Hong Kong Chess & Go Academy. The suspect then attempted to leave but turned back and chased Lau. Outside Sanrio Gift Gate, he pinned her down with his left hand and repeatedly stabbed her in the back, leaving her seriously injured.
Before police arrived, members of the public provided first aid and attempted to restrain the suspect. A restaurant chef, Ho Siu-fai (何兆輝, 64), rushed to the scene holding a chair in each of his hands and struck the suspect. The suspect did not retaliate and eventually stood near a signboard holding the knife. The suspect started crying afterwards. Mall staff evacuated customers while others assisted the injured.
At 5:14 p.m., police received the first report from a woman and multiple reports following. Officers arrived within four minutes and subdued the suspect, who offered slight resistance, using four shield-equipped officers. Large amounts of blood and bloodstained tissues were found at the scene. Police and counter-terrorism officers subsequently cordoned off the area and conducted an investigation. And, the suspect was escorted to Wong Tai Sin Police Station.
Both women suffered multiple stab wounds to the chest and neck and heavy blood loss. They were taken by ambulance to United Christian Hospital in critical condition and were unconscious upon arrival. Both were pronounced dead from blood loss at 6:06 p.m. and 6:47 p.m., respectively, on 2 June 2023.
Following the attack, many shops closed early, and the scene was cordoned off. The Kowloon East Regional Crime Unit conducted nearly five hours of investigation and evidence collection at the scene and the household-goods store where the knife was purchased. At 10:35 p.m., officers recovered a bloodstained, slightly curved 12-inch sashimi knife from the scene and photographed various locations.
The mall reopened as usual the following day, with a section of a fire escape near the scene designated for public tributes. Many brought white flowers and condolence cards to the mall. Police deployed officers to patrol and conduct checks at the mall entrances and inside the mall. Some shops remained closed, and the corridor where the attack occurred was relatively quiet. On 4 June, plainclothes officers inspected the contents of the condolence cards individually.
Szeto Shing-kwong was charged with two counts of murder and appeared at Kwun Tong Magistrates’ Courts on 5 June 2023. He was escorted by four male officers and represented by duty lawyer Patrick Tam. After the charges were read, Szeto calmly replied, “Understood.” The prosecution applied for no plea to be taken and requested two psychiatric reports to assess his fitness to plead and whether a hospital order should be recommended. Acting principal magistrate Cheang Kei-hong granted the application and adjourned the case to 19 June. Szeto was remanded at Siu Lam Psychiatric Hospital in the meantime.
For the inaugural season, each WPBL team drafted 30 players, signing 15 of those players. The draft occurred on November 20, 2025, virtually on YouTube.
The 1949–50 Santosh Trophy was the sixth edition of the Santosh Trophy, the main State competition for football in India. Bengal defeated Hyderabad 5–0 in the final. This was Bengal's sixth final appearance and the fourth title.
The tournament was held in Calcutta, West Bengal and the matches were played on the grounds of Calcutta Football Club, Mohammedan Sporting and the Aryan Football Club.
The awards were presented the next day by Kailash Nath Katju, the Governor of West Bengal, at the Great Eastern Hotel, Calcutta. On the same day, a 15-member Indian football team to tour Afghanistan was selected, captained by Abid Hossain of Bengal, East Bengal and Lucknow University. The team was composed mainly of students.
Bengal : M. Sarkar (Bhowanipore); Taj Mohammad (East Bengal) and D. Paul (Mohun Bagan); Latif (Mohammedan Sporting), Daud Mohamed (Mohammedan Sporting) and S. Roy (Kalighat); R. Das (Bhowanipore), Abid Hossain (East Bengal), Mewalal (E.I. Railway), Sattar (Mohammedan Sporting) and S. Nandy (captain, E.I. Railway) Also, M. Ghatak (East Bengal) (goal keeper); Abhay Ghose (Mohun Bagan); S. Ghosh (E.I. Railway), N. Bose (Bhowanipore), Anthony (Mohammedan Sporting), Sailen Manna (Mohun Bagan), Anil Dey, S. Mookerjee (Sporting Union), Dr. Kumar
Bengal was captained by Anil Dey in the first two matches, Sailen Manna in the quarter final and S. Nandy in the semi-final and final.
Hyderabad : Erayya (Hyderabad City Police, ; Aziz (National Sporting) and Fruvall (captain, City Police); Pindari (Ordinance Dept), Jamal (City Police) and Noor Mohamed (City Police); Laiq (Hunters), Sussay (City Police), Moin (City Police), Duraiswami (Ordinance Dept) and Mahmud (City Police) Also, F. Rahim (Hyderabad Sporting), Ansari (Hyderabad Sporting), Narayan Prasad (Hyderabad Sporting), Asghar (National Sporting) and Yelliah (Railway Recreation Club). Manager : Syed Abdul Rahim, Assistant Manager : Maqdoom
Services : Khem Bahadur; Thomas and Ranbir; Gokul, Chandan Singh and Puran Gurang; Lal Bahadur, Mukundan, Dhan Bahadur, Sukhlal and Puran Thapa. Also Capt. Rao
Bihar : A. Roy; K.S. Mani and C.S. Ramaiah; P. Narayan, Salauddin and G. Mohamed; M. Shafi, S. Ganguli, Bhagabati, S. Kanjilal and A. Mukherjee
Assam : D. Singh; U. Das and J. Roy Chowdhury; D. Dunn, N. Das and A. Ghosh; K. Bardoloi, H. Dey, Presswell, N. Chowdhury and B. Mukherjee
United Provinces : Anu Bose; Naka Banerjee and Amiya Banerjee; Behari Lal, Aziz and Mahabir Prasad; S. Mukherjee, Bibhas Ghosh, Shally, Subhas Banerjee and Daljit Singh
The 2026 Copa Venezuela is the 53rd edition of the Venezuelan football cup, which is organized by the Venezuelan Football Federation (FVF). The competition began on 24 June 2026, with the participation of 14 Liga FUTVE and 14 Liga FUTVE 2 teams. The winners will qualify for the 2027 Supercopa de Venezuela against the 2026 Liga FUTVE champions.
The competition was suspended immediately after its first matchday on 24 June due to the 2026 Venezuela earthquakes, resuming on 18 August 2026 with the second matchday of the group stage.
For this season, the tournament kept the format used in its previous edition, comprising a 20-team group stage and the knockout stages to be contested by 16 teams.
For the group stage, fourteen Liga FUTVE 2 sides and the six Liga FUTVE teams that failed to advance to the final stages of the 2026 Apertura tournament were drawn into five groups of four teams each, in which the teams will play each one of their group rivals twice (once at home and once away), with the five group winners and the three best group runners-up advancing to the knockout stage.
The eight teams advancing out of the group stage will be joined in the round of 16 by the eight Liga FUTVE sides that played the final stages of the 2026 Apertura tournament, which received a bye to this round. All the knockout rounds (round of 16, quarter-finals, semi-finals, and final) were set to be played over two legs, however, due to the temporary suspension of the competition, it was confirmed that the knockout rounds would be played over a single match.
Twenty-eight teams entered this edition of the competition: the fourteen Liga FUTVE teams and fourteen from Liga FUTVE 2. Reserve sides competing in the second-tier league were excluded from the tournament.
Akali Dal – Jagdev Singh Talwandi Group was a Sikh-centric political party and faction that was created after a split in the Shiromani Akali Dal.
The separate faction was first founded by Jagdev Singh Talwandi, former president of Shiromani Akali Dal, after a power struggle with Parkash Singh Badal in 1980. It temporarily merged into the United Akali Dal faction in 1985, but the attempts at broader Akali unification failed, resulting in the continuation of the Talwandi faction. Jagdev Singh Talwandi’s faction was a signatory of the 1994 Amritsar Declaration, which attempted to unite all Akali factions behind a common platform. The party merged into the mainstream Shiromani Akali Dal in 1995, along with most Akali factions apart from Shiromani Akali Dal (Simranjit Singh Mann). Shiromani Akali Dal formed a strong government under the leadership of Parkash Singh Badal, and Jagdev Singh Talwandi was chosen as the Jathedar of Shiromani Gurdwara Parbandhak Committee in 2000.
Moseley was a youth player at Northern Premier League Division One West club Runcorn Linnets. He became the first player born in Runcorn to progress from the club’s junior ranks to the first team, and he debuted on 8 October 2022 during the 2–1 victory against Ossett United in the FA Trophy third qualifying round.
He scored his first goal for the club on 2 October 2023 during the 2–2 draw against Charnock Richard in the FA Cup first qualifying round, and he signed a contract five days later. He scored a match-winning hat-trick in the 2025 Cheshire Senior Cup final.
On 8 January 2026, Moseley joined EFL League One club Wigan Athletic; he was an unused substitute one day later against Preston North End in the FA Cup third round. On 24 June 2026, he signed a one-year contract extension.
Anand Ram Mukhlis Khatri Lahori (1699–1750) was an 18th-century chronicler, poet and lexicographer active in Persian. Originally from a Khatri family of Sialkot in Punjab, but based in Delhi, his grandfather Gajpat Rai had a high position in Mughal bureaucracy while his father Hirday Ram was a vakil of Amin Khan Turani at the court of Muhammad Shah.
After the death of Amin Khan, his successor Qamar ud-Din Khan appointed Mukhlis as his vakil. Mukhlis had also served as vakil of governors of Multan and Lahore during the time of invasion of Nader Shah. Mukhlis was a prolific writer and has left a large number of works, most important of which is Badāʾiʾ-i waqāʾiʾ, which is divided into three parts. First part is an eyewitness narration of Nader Shah's sack of Delhi; in second he gives first-hand report of Muhammad Shah's campaign against Ali Mohammed Khan Rohilla. Third concerns with the 1748 invasion of Ahmad Shah Abdali. His other notable works include Mir’āt al-Iṣt̤ilāḥ, on Persian lexicography, a Dīvān comprising ghazals and mathnavis, and a collection of letters named Ruqaʿāt i Mukhliṣ. Other works by Mukhlis include Chamanistān, a collection of anecdotes and witticism, Rāḥat al-faras, etc.
In December 2025, Ra'am distanced itself from its Islamist roots and announced its pending separation from the Islamic Movement and its Shura Council. The separation was completed in July of 2026.
The party was a signatory to an agreement later that month which aimed to re-establish the Joint List. The party announced in July that it would run on its own in the election. Hadash, Ta'al and Balad subsequently announced in late August that they were re-establishing the alliance without Ra'am.
Over 1,000 members of the party planned to meet in Tayibe to determine the first five slots on the party's list; the remainder will be determined by the executive committee.
Abbas and former Yesh Atid MK Yoav Segalovitz have been negotiating his entry into Ra’am, with second place reportedly under discussion. However, Abbas has explicitly indicated that the issue of bringing in outside candidates would be dealt with after the primary, rather than being decided by the internal vote.
Party leader Mansour Abbas was elected to the first slot, followed by Waleed Taha, Waleed Alhwashla, Iman Khatib-Yassin in the reserved women's slot and Yasir Hujeirat in the fifth slot.
Abū Ṭāhir al-Multānī was a 14th/15th century Hanafi jurist and the author of a widely used treatise on Hanafi jurisdiction in Persian, 'Umdat al-Islam. Manuscripts of the work give his father's name as Kamal while he himself is sometimes known as Abd al-Aziz and Abd Allah.
The text entered in the Chinese Islamic tradition shortly after its composition in 14th century by Multani, and remained influential thereafter for Hui Muslims. The work was translated into Ottoman Turkish by ʿAbd al-Raḥmān b. Yūsuf Āqsarāyī in 1543 as ʿImād al-Islām. Chaghatai Turkic translations of the work, albeit with some modifications, also exist.
A grammatical treatise, al-Miṣbāḥ fī naḥw, is also attributed to Multani, which circulated in China and a copy of which in the Dongsi Mosque in Beijing dates to 1588. The Persian texts titled Multaqiṭ al-khiṭāb and Tadhkira-yi wāqiʿāt attributed to Multani are actually copies of his 'Umdat al-Islam.
The 2026–27 season was the club's 13th season in Indian Super League since its establishment in 2014. In addition to the league, they also competed in the Durand Cup and Federation Cup.
The 1907–08 season was the fourth season in the history of Hull City Association Football Club and their third consecutive season in the Second Division. In addition to the domestic league, the club would also participate in the FA Cup.
The summer of 1907 was a busy one for Hull. A number of players came and went, with the departures of Peter Howe, Andrew Raisbeck, and George Rushton marking the last members of the Tigers' first-ever competitive line-up to leave the club. In terms of arrivals, Ambrose Langley recruited several figures to strengthen Hull's bid for promotion. The most important of these were Joe Shaw and Arthur Temple, who were brought in to replace the outgoing Howe and Rushton. In doing so, they completed a youthful attacking unit, partnered alongside captain Gordon Wright and the relentless duo of Jacky and Joe Smith.
That said, Langley's side failed to achieve their desired outcome, finishing 8th in the Second Division. However, the one consolation was that Jacky Smith had ended the season as the league's top scorer, notching 31 goals. In the FA Cup, the Tigers fared better. Although only going as far as the second round, which was at least a new club record at the time, they had done so by thrashing First Division side Woolwich Arsenal 4–1 at Anlaby Road.
Gunnar Asher Andreas Engelmark (born 19 January 1984) is a Pakistani-born Swedish football manager. He is currently the head coach of Allsvenskan club IK Sirius.
Engelmark started out coaching lower division club Ängby IF before taking a job at youth football academy Svenska Fotbollsakademin through which he also got to work with womens football club Tyresö FF. In 2010 he joined IF Brommapojkarna as a youth coach. Seven years later he moved to america where he worked at the Major League Soccer club Columbus Crew youth academy.
When he returned to Sweden in 2019 he became the head of development and coach of the U21 team at Brommapojkarna. Ahead of the 2023 Allsvenskan season it was announced that Engelmark would take over as shared head coach of the first team together with former Sweden men's national football team player Olof Mellberg.
Two years later IK Sirius announced that Engelmark would take over as head coach on a three year deal. During his second season at the club Engelmark was given the Allsvenskan manager of the month award for three consecutive months.
Alois Schädler (5 November 1878 – 10 February 1964) was an industrialist, architect, and politician from Liechtenstein who served as a government councillor from 1936 to 1938. A member of the Christian-Social People's Party (VP) and later the Patriotic Union (VU), he previously served as the mayor of Triesenberg from 1924 to 1930.
Schädler was born on 5 November 1878 in Triesenberg as the son of Johann Schädler and Seraphine (née Eberle) as one of three children. He initially worked as a plasterer in Germany and Switzerland before becoming a building contractor in Triesenberg, and also operated embroidery machines and electric sawmill from 1914, which supplied electricity.
He was an early supporter of the opposition group around Wilhelm Beck, and served in the Triesenberg municipal council from 1915 to 1924, and also as deputy mayor the municipality from 1918 to 1924 as a member of the Christian-Social People's Party (VP). Schädler was mayor of the municipality from 1924 to 1930, and a judge at the high court from 1922 to 1930. He was president of the VP from 1931 until its merging with the Liechtenstein Homeland Service to form the Patriotic Union (VU) in 1936.
Following the 1936 elections, the opposition Progressive Citizens' Party (FBP) agreed to elect Schädler as a government councillor as a peace gesture, under the government of Josef Hoop. He served in this position until 1938, when he voluntarily resigned as part of the VU and FBP forming a coalition government. Schädler was active against the activities of Nazi elements in Liechtenstein, and was the chairman of the Liechtenstein Loyalty Association from 1939 to 1940, a nonpartisan designed to oppose the activities of the German National Movement in Liechtenstein.
He was a substitute judge at the Liechtenstein state court from 1948 to 1959, and was conductor of the Triesenberg Brass Band from 1910 to 1937.
Schädler married Antonia Hilbe (21 September 1880 – 28 October 1948) on 9 February 1903 and they had eight children together. He died on 10 February 1964, aged 85.
Anker–Record, also known as Anker-Rekord, was a trademark used in the early 20th century for gramophone records (shellac records). The label sticker applied to the discs at times featured a stylized anchor as its logo, along with details of the recorded piece, the performer's name, and a running serial number for the title.
The Anker trademark was originally used by the firm F. Adolf Richter & Co. in Rudolstadt, Thuringia. Recordings were made until 1906 by the Berlin-based National Phonogramm GmbH. From December 1907, production passed to the Anker Phonogramm Gesellschaft, based in Berlin, which recorded the music and also handled sales of the records.
Later, "Anker Rekord" discs, together with the patent-protected "Anker-Resonanz-Sprechapparate" (a type of gramophone), were manufactured and sold jointly with products of the record label Kalliope, through the Berlin firm Menzenhauer & Schmidt (owner Henry Langfeld). Kalliope Musikwerke AG entered insolvency in 1914 and was liquidated in 1917; in 1919 the Anker and Kalliope brands were both taken over by Menzenhauer & Schmidt.
The Anker trademark used on these recordings belonged to the same Rudolstadt firm founded by Friedrich Adolf Richter that also produced the well-known Anker-Steinbaukasten (Anchor Stone building blocks) and the "Anker-Pain-Expeller" patent medicine, among other goods marketed under the anchor emblem; the Neue Deutsche Biographie confirms that from 1876 the firm's product range already extended to "music automatons, music boxes and mechanical phonograph records."
On 19 August 2026, a Eurocopter EC130 B4 helicopter crashed near Mount Ololokwe in Samburu County, central Kenya, killing all seven people on board, included pilot Josh Outram, Ecuadorian intelligence chief Michele Sensi-Contugi Ycaza and his wife Stephany Hollihan Vásconez, and a group of four other American citizens from South Florida. The helicopter, operated by Lady Lori Helicopters, was carrying passengers on a charter flight from Loisaba Conservancy toward the Ewaso Ng'iro area when it crashed at approximately 9:13 a.m. local time.
Among the South Florida victims were José Alberto Suárez, president and general manager of three Telemundo-owned television stations in Florida, Miami restaurateur Roger Edward Duarte, real estate executive Adam Hlavaty, and software executive Henry Parra. Five of the seven people killed were American citizens, including Hollihan Vásconez.
The Kenya Civil Aviation Authority confirmed the crash and announced that the Air Accident Investigation Department of Kenya's Ministry of Roads and Transport had begun an investigation. The cause of the crash was not immediately known.
This was the second deadly helicopter crash of this scale in Kenya in 2026, with another fatal helicopter accident in Nandi County in February 2026 having killed six people, including MP Johana Ng'eno. The February crash had also involved a Eurocopter helicopter.
The aircraft was a single-engine Eurocopter EC130 B4 operated by Nairobi-based Lady Lori Helicopters. It was carrying guests of luxury travel company &Beyond on a charter flight. They had been flying to the Ewaso Ng'iro river.
According to the Kenya Civil Aviation Authority (KCAA), the flight was traveling from Loisaba Conservancy toward the Ewaso Nyiro area when it crashed at 9:13 a.m., local time. The aviation authority and operator described the itinerary of the tourists as taking a flight from Suyian Conservancy to Mount Ololokwe. The crash occurred in rugged terrain in the foothills of Mount Ololokwe, a prominent mountain and tourist destination in northern Kenya. The Kenya Red Cross reported that difficult terrain and a fire at the crash site hampered search and recovery efforts. Tropic Air Kenya dispatched two helicopters to assist the response.
The pilot, Josh Outram, was a fourth-generation Kenyan and an experienced helicopter pilot, who had worked in both commercial aviation and wildlife conservation. He was the founder and director of African Heli Adventures and had more than 15 years of flying experience in Kenya. He had also participated in aerial conservation work in Kenya.
Michele Sensi-Contugi Ycaza, 44, was born in Desio, Italy, to a family historically from Volterra; Sensi-Contugi's father was Italian and his mother was Ecuadorian. His wife, Stephany Hollihan Vásconez, 42, was an Ecuadorian fashion designer and held both Ecuadorian and American citizenship. She was the founder and creative director of Sensi Studio, a fashion and accessories company based in Guayaquil, whose products were made by Ecuadorian artisans. In response to their deaths, Ecuadorian President Daniel Noboa declared three days of national mourning and ordered a state funeral.
José Alberto Suárez, 55, was a Florida-born journalist and television executive who grew up in Coral Gables. At the time of his death, he was president and general manager of three Telemundo-owned television operations serving Orlando, Tampa, and Fort Myers–Naples. Suárez had more than 25 years of experience in television and had spent 18 years with Telemundo and NBC stations. He had previously headed Telemundo stations in several other markets and had worked as a reporter and anchor in Florida, Ohio, and Texas. During his career he received several television journalism awards, including Lone Star and Suncoast Emmy Awards and Associated Press awards. NBCUniversal News Group chairman Cesar Conde, NBCUniversal Local chairman Valari Staab, and Telemundo Station Group president José Cancela issued a joint statement mourning Suárez, describing his commitment to the stations and communities he served.
Roger E. Duarte, 42, was a Miami-area restaurateur and entrepreneur. He was the founder of seafood company George Stone Crab, co-founded the restaurant chain My Ceviche, and was associated with Hospitality Capital Partners. His family described him as a husband and father and issued a statement following his death.
Adam Hlavaty, 42, and Henry Parra, 55, were a married couple. Hlavaty was a real estate executive and vice president of development for Benihana. He also served on the board of the Coral Gables Museum. Parra was a software executive and co-founder of Trax USA, an aviation maintenance software company based in Coral Gables. Hlavaty and Parra lived in Coral Gables, and friends described the couple as avid travelers who were active in their community.
It was reported that aviation experts from the United States and France would work with the Kenya Civil Aviation Authority to investigate the reasons for the crash.
The 2026 edition of the Cinéfest Sudbury International Film Festival, the 38th edition in the event's history, will be held from September 19 to 27, 2026 in Sudbury, Ontario. The festival will include a new program, Desjardins After Dark, to highlight edgier genre films comparable to the Toronto International Film Festival's Midnight Madness lineup.
The first programming announcements were released on August 18, with short film programs announced on August 25. The full schedule was announced on August 26.
Ahmad Shah Batalvi (fl. 19th century) was a Punjabi historian from Batala, Punjab, active during the first half of the 19th century. He authored Kitab-i-Hind or Twarikh-i-Hind, a history of India, in 1818, and Tarikh-i Panjab, a history of Punjab, in 1820.
Batalvi belonged to a qadi family of Batala and had relations with Ranjit Singh. His works were originally written in Persian. British official W. L. M'Gregor had Kitab-i-Hind translated into Urdu for use in his History of the Sikhs (1846). Tarikh-i-Panjab was translated into Punjabi by Gurbax Singh Frank and published by Punjabi University, Patiala, in 1969.
Born in Hannut on 13 October 1937, Thily initially studied mathematics before pivoting to law at the University of Liège. She became a prosecutor and worked on the case of the assassination of André Cools. On 30 May 1996, she was appointed to the Court of Appeal of Liège. Her early months on the court saw significant developments in the Dutroux case and the Cools assassination case. Additionally, two advocates general were charged: Marc de la Brassinne for employing undocumented workers and Franz-Jozef Schmitz for breach of trust. In 2003, Véronique Ancia launched an investigation into an embezzlement case against the Société Mutuelle des Administrations Publiques, challenging the validity of documents submitted by the prosecution; Thily served as defense counsel. While investigating the Dutroux affair in Neufchâteau, she made the controversial decision to divide the case into separate files. She also assigned the Regina Louf case to judge Jacques Langlois, who replaced Jean-Marc Connerotte, further splitting up the case. She became known for her strategy of fast-trackign proceedings to reach trial quickly, though she drew widespread criticism over her authoritarian management of the Court of Appeal of Liège. In 2004, she was succeeded at the helm by Cédric Visart de Bocarmé.
The 2026 OFC Men's Champions League final was the final match of the 2026 OFC Men's Champions League, the 25th edition of the Oceanian Club Championship, Oceania's premier club football tournament organized by the Oceania Football Confederation (OFC), and the 20th season under the current OFC Men's Champions League name.
The final was a single match between New Zealand's Auckland City and Solomon Islands's Central Coast. The match took place at the Govind Park in Ba on 22 August 2026.
If the match is level at the end of 90 minutes of normal playing time, extra time will be played (two periods of 15 minutes each), where each team would be allowed to make a fourth substitution. If still tied after extra time, the match will be decided by a penalty shoot-out to determine the winners.
The 1970 Aga Khan Gold Cup was held at the Dhaka Stadium in Dhaka, East Pakistan (now Bangladesh), from 7 October 1970 to 31 October 1970. Bargh Shiraz were declared winners after defeating Persebaya Surabaya. The final match was abandoned due to a brawl. The trophy was ultimately awarded to Bargh Shiraz.
The matches lasted 70 minutes, with 5 minutes recess. An additional 15 minutes of extra time was played if a match ended in a draw.
Three foreign teams, Persebaya Surabaya, Bargh Shiraz and Ceylon XI, received byes to the round-robin league and did not participate in the qualifying stage. Another foreign Nepali team however had to play the preliminary stage. A team from Thailand was originally expected to participate, but withdrew due to commitments in the South Vietnam Independence Cup and was replaced by Ceylon XI.
10 Minster Gates is a Grade II* listed building on Minster Gates in the city of York, England. Built around 1755 for John Fountayne, the dean of York, it originally formed one of a pair with No. 8. A shopfront was added in the early 19th century, when the ground floor was opened up, and in the mid‑19th century the front was raised to four storeys with a new attic after the adjoining house, formerly No. 8, was demolished. The building was included in the Central Historic Core conservation area in 1968. It is now occupied by Hebden Tea and adjoins Nos. 2–8, a Grade II‑listed terrace built around 1840.
Originally one of a pair of houses on Minster Gates, it was built around 1755 for John Fountayne, the dean of York, and leased to William Darwin, the verger. It stood as a three‑storey house with an attic and formed a pair with No. 8. A shopfront was inserted in the early 19th century, when the ground‑floor walls were removed, and about the middle of the century the front was raised to four storeys and a new attic created partly over the stair‑well, following the demolition of the adjoining house, formerly No. 8 before the construction of the present terrace. The rear of 10 Minster Yard, built in 1763 as Fountayne's home, adjoins the left‑hand side of No. 10.
On 14 June 1954, 10 Minster Gates was designated a Grade II* listed building, and in 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area. No. 10 is now occupied by Hebden Tea. It adjoins Nos. 2–8, a Grade II-listed terrace built around 1840.
The front is built of orange‑grey brick, later raised in matching brick, with the right side rendered. It has a timber shopfront and timber guttering, and a tiled roof with a brick chimney. The building has four storeys and two windows. The shop window is a shallow bow with three large panes. To the right is a two‑leaf shop door with decorative glazing and a fanlight, set in a detailed timber surround; to the left is an upstairs door with six panels and a Gothic‑style overlight in a similar frame. All sit beneath a moulded cornice. The first‑floor windows are 12‑pane sashes, the second‑floor windows are shorter six‑pane sashes, and the top floor has a small casement window. A raised brick band marks the second floor.
At the rear, the ground floor has a wide window with small panes, and the other windows have shallow brick arches. On the right side, a later two‑light shop window has been added in a plain frame.
The ground-floor ceiling includes a shallow domed feature with fluted decoration, set within a moulded frame and carried on fluted columns; one column is visible, with the others likely enclosed. The main staircase from the first floor upwards is original and has elaborate turned balusters. Several original doors, surrounds and fireplaces also remain.
The 2026–27 Monmouth Hawks women's basketball team will represent Monmouth University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Hawks, led by third-year head coach Cait Wetmore, will play their home games at OceanFirst Bank Center in West Long Branch, New Jersey as a member of the Coastal Athletic Association.
The Hawks finished the 2025–26 season 21–12 overall and 12–6 in CAA play, to finish in a tie for fourth in the conference with Stony Brook. As the No. 5 seed in the CAA tournament, they earned a bye to the second round, where they defeated No. 13 UNC Wilmington 72–61 before falling 45–51 in the quarterfinals to No. 4 Stony Brook.
Following their tournament elimination, the Hawks accepted an at-large bid to the WNIT, their 3rd overall appearance and their first since 2024. They defeated Lehigh in the first round, then were eliminated in the second round to Cleveland State to end their season.
Aggalayya Gutta (also spelled Aggalaiah Gutta) is a historic Jain site situated on a hillock in Hanamkonda, Telangana, India. The site contains monumental rock-cut images of Jain Tirthankaras, including an approximately 30-foot (9.1 m) image identified as Shantinatha and a 13-foot (4.0 m) image of Parshvanatha.
The hillock is named after Aggalayya, an 11th-century Jain physician and surgeon who served during the reign of the Western Chalukyas. Epigraphic records describe Aggalayya as a specialist in Ayurveda and surgical treatment and record his patronage of Jain temples.
Aggalayya was a Jain physician active during the reign of the Western Chalukya ruler Jayasimha II, also known as Jagadekamalla I. A Jain inscription discovered at Saidapur and dated to 4 June 1034 CE describes him as Vaidyaratnakara, Pranacharya and Naravaidya and praises his proficiency in Ayurveda and śastra chikitsa (surgery).
The Saidapur inscription records grants for the maintenance and repair of two Jain temples, the Buddhasena Jinalaya at Mucchanapalli and the Vaidyaratnakara Jinalaya at Ikkuriki. The former had been constructed by Aggalayya, while the latter appears to have been named after his title Vaidyaratnakara. The record also describes his ability to treat diseases considered incurable by other physicians and is notable for its explicit reference to surgical practice in 11th-century Ayurveda.
The Archaeological Survey of India also records the Saidapur inscription as a 1034 CE inscription of Jayasimha II and states that the two Jain basadis mentioned in it were built by Aggalayya. The inscription records his titles and his proficiency in Sastra-vaidya, or treatment by surgical methods.
The principal monuments at Aggalayya Gutta are monumental Tirthankara figures carved directly into the rock of the hill. A large figure identified in contemporary sources as the 16th Tirthankara Shantinatha measures approximately 30 feet (9.1 m) in height. Nearby is an approximately 13-foot (4.0 m) carving of Parshvanatha, the 23rd Tirthankara.
The site also contains several other Jain engravings. During development of the hillock as a heritage site, a centuries-old image of Mahavira was reported from inside the hill, and access to the image was subsequently developed.
Archaeological and historical exploration of the hillock has identified several rock-cut mortars that have been interpreted as having been used in the preparation of medicines. Parts of a stone implement described as a gokarnam, used for administering medicinal preparations, were also reported from the site. Based on these remains and the epigraphic evidence concerning Aggalayya, the hillock has been associated with the practice and teaching of Ayurveda during the 11th century.
The association is significant in the context of Aggalayya's documented career as a physician. The 1034 Saidapur inscription praises his medical knowledge and specifically records his expertise in surgical treatment.
Aggalayya Gutta was developed as a heritage and tourism site by the Kakatiya Urban Development Authority (KUDA) under the Government of India's Heritage City Development and Augmentation Yojana (HRIDAY). KUDA spent approximately ₹1.3 crore on development of the site, including rock-cut steps providing access to the hilltop, landscaping, lighting and other visitor facilities.
Majumdar, Susmita Basu (2012). "Aggalayya – A 11th Century Jain Surgeon". Proceedings of the Indian History Congress. 73: 175–179. JSTOR 44156204.{{cite journal}}: CS1 maint: ref duplicates default (link)
The 108 metres Mithila's Ramayana painting or simply 108 metres Mithila painting refers to the world longest Ramayana painting created in August 2026 at the Mithila Chitrakala Sansthan at the Saurath village near the city of Madhubani in the Mithila region of Bihar in India. This historic painting of Ramayana has been included in the World Record of the World Record Union. It is recorded as "The world's longest Ramayana-themed Mithila (Madhubani) painting". It was created on the special canvas paper by the 160 artists of the Mithila Chitrakala Sansthan. The width of the painting is 1 metre. In the grand painting, 51 key episodes from the Ramcharitmanas have been depicted.
The complete painting was inaugurated on the occasion of the 80th Independence Day of India, at the premises of the Mithila Chitrakala Sansthan in Saurath village. On Independence Day, 15 August 2026, the team of World Record Union officially approved this achievement after thoroughly inspecting the entire painting. The World Record Union representative Christopher handed over the provisional certificate to the Mithila Chitrakala Sansthan in a ceremony organised at the premises.
According to the director of the Mithila Chitrakala Sansthan, Chandrashekhar Prasad Singh, the artwork includes 51 episodes from the epic Ramayana based on the Ramcharitmanas. It begins with Lord Rama’s childhood life, and the major episodes included on the painting are associated with the legendary events such as the Dhanush Yajna, Sita-Ram Swayamvar and, Kagbhusundi Prasanga, exile, etc. The artwork includes traditional Madhubani paintings as well as verses and couplets from the Ramcharitmanas. The inclusion of paintings, verses, and couplets made the art a unique confluence of art, literature, spirituality, and the region's folk cultures.
The entire large painting was created over four days. The creation of the painting started on 10 August 2026 under the supervision of the four Padma Shri awardees, Shanti Devi, Dulari Devi, Shivan Paswan, and Bauaa Devi. Apart from the Padma Shri awardee, the National Award winners Dr. Rani Jha, Pratik Prabhakar, and Sanjay Jaiswal also guided the artists during the creation of the artwork. The painting was completed on 14 August 2026, and on the occasion of the 80th Independence Day, a large ceremony was organized at the premises of the Mithila Chitrakala Sansthan in Madhubani with the help of the Madhubani District Administration. The Rajya Sabha MP Sanjay Kumar Jha and the District magistrate Anand Sharma were the two major dignitaries of the ceremony.
The painting of the Kagbhusundi Prasanga (episode) was completed by the team of the Maithil painter Purnima Jha from Thalwara village in Darbhanga. The Kagbhushundi Prasanga is a famous episode in the epic Ramayana. The episode is associated with the devotion of Kagbhushundi to Lord Rama in the Ramayana. The episode is depicted in the traditional style of the Madhubani art in the painting.
The young Maithil artist Khushboo Kumari, also known as Khushbu Chaudhary, from the Jiraul village in the Harlakhi block of the Benipatti subdivision, was also the part of the artists involved in the Mithila painting.
9, 9A and 11 Stonegate is a Grade II* listed building on Stonegate in the city of York, England. It originated as an 18th‑century house with outbuildings, with the rear block at No. 11 as the earliest part and a mid‑18th‑century front range at No. 9 added and remodelled in the early 19th century for shop use, followed by later 20th-century alteration. The buildings were included in the Central Historic Core conservation area in 1968. No. 9 now houses Sweaty Betty at basement and ground-floor level, with rented accommodation above, and the range stands between the Punch Bowl pub and No. 13.
The building stands on Stonegate and began as an 18th‑century house with outbuildings, the earliest part being the rear block at No. 11. A mid‑18th‑century front range at No. 9 was added and later remodelled in the early 19th century when the property was converted into two shops, with substantial further alteration in the late 20th century. It was formerly known as 7 and 8 Stonegate, although the date at which this numbering was applied is unclear.
On 14 June 1954, 9, 9A and 11 Stonegate were designated a Grade II* listed building, and in 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area. The basement and ground floor of No. 9 are now occupied by the retailer Sweaty Betty, with rented accommodation on the upper floors of Nos. 9–11. It stands between the Grade II-listed Punch Bowl pub at No. 7 and No. 13, also listed at Grade II*.
The front is built of orange brick with a timber cornice, and the shopfronts and doorways are timber with applied decorative detailing. The rear is of red brick, and the roof is tiled with brick chimneys.
The front has three storeys and five windows. Two shaped steps lead to a wide doorway set within the shopfront, framed by plain pilasters with decorative tops and a broad frieze beneath a flat cornice. The shop door is glazed, with a vent above and a patterned fanlight; the two adjoining doors have raised panels and similar vents and fanlights. To the right is a bow‑fronted shop window with four large panes between moulded divisions, and a small glazed upper section with latticework and rosettes, with an iron grille below. The shopfront to the left continues the design from No. 13, with a large plate‑glass window framed by panelled pilasters, a plain frieze and a moulded cornice.
The upper floors have 12‑pane sash windows with painted stone sills and flat brick arches with painted keyblocks. A painted band marks the second floor, and a prominent cornice with dentils and brackets runs along the eaves.
No. 11 sits back from Stonegate, behind Nos. 9 and 13, and is reached by a passage from the street that opens into a small courtyard. At the rear, the first floor has a four‑pane sash and the second floor a 12‑pane sash, each beneath a shallow brick arch. A fluted rainwater head is fixed to the wall. The gable ends on both sides contain pairs of Yorkshire sashes.
The cellar includes a back room with an early-19th‑century kitchen range. On the ground floor, a rounded arch with simple pilasters and shaped imposts leads into what was once the stair hall. The main staircase is a dogleg flight rising to the attics, with two turned balusters on each step, a bulbous newel at the foot, and a moulded handrail that ramps up along the flights. The lowest section is enclosed in raised panelling, and the stairwell has matching dado panelling and moulded skirting.
On the first floor, the larger front room retains a window surround with decorative carving, a moulded dado rail and a dentilled cornice. On the second floor, all rooms keep their original stone fireplaces with shaped friezes and flat shelves. The larger front room also has a round‑headed grate, a simple coved cornice and a six‑panel cupboard door on HL hinges; the smaller front room contains an early-19th‑century basket grate; and the rear room has another six‑panel cupboard door on HL hinges.
Shota Lomidze of USSR won the gold medal thanks lower number of penalty points. Mongolian wrestler Khorloogiin Bayanmönkh won the silver medal without losing a single match. Vasil Todorov from Bulgaria finished third.
The 2026-27 basketball season in Algeria will begin on September 11 and 12, 2026, with the resumption of the Super Division, the Algerian Basketball Federation (FABB) announced following a coordination meeting with the clubs held in Algiers. The 14 participating teams are: WO Boufarik, NB Staouéli, CS Tlemcen, Rouiba CB, MC Alger, USM Alger, USM Blida, CR Béni Saf, CSC Djasr Kasentina, CRB Dar Beida, US Sétif, NA Hussein Dey, CM Oran and WRB El Eulma. The meeting between the FABB and club representatives addressed several issues related to the new season, with the aim of establishing a common vision and improving the organization and competitive level of the national championships. The federation also called on all stakeholders to prioritize the interests of Algerian basketball and continue their efforts to promote the professionalization and development of the sport.
The 2025–26 season was FC Nitra's third consecutive season in the fourth tier of Slovak football. During the season, the club won the fourth tier and secured promotion to the third tier. The club also competed in the Slovak Cup, reaching the Round of 16.
The New Zealand Television Awards for 2020 were held on 18 November 2020 at Shed 10 in Auckland, New Zealand. The event was hosted by comedian Tom Sainsbury with assistance from comedian Angella Dravid.
The 2017 New Zealand Television Awards was held on 30 November 2017 at SkyCity Theatre in Auckland, New Zealand. The awards marked the revival of the awards after a five-year gap. The awards covered programmes first broadcast between 1 July 2015 and 30 June 2017. The event was hosted by Oliver Driver.
On May 15, 2026, Rebecca Schulz resigned from her seat in the Legislative Assembly of Alberta. A writ of election was issued on August 17 to hold the election on September 14, 2026.
The United Conservative Party nominated entrepreneur and human resources consultant Mike Derry on June 24, 2026. He defeated Calgary Ward 13 councillor Dan McLean, who represents Communities First at the municipal level.
The Progressive Tory Party of Alberta, formerly known as the Alberta Party, nominated social studies teacher Kyle Joseph in August 2026. He will be the first candidate to represent the new party name on a ballot.
Agatha is 2026 Indian Telugu-language film written and directed by M. S. Raju under Sri Adi Varaha Productions banner. It stars Kamakshi Bhaskarla, Shravan Reddy, Ulka Gupta and Jovika Vijayakumar in pivotal roles.
Srivathsan Nadadhur for The Hindu wrote in his review "Agadha’s female characters are either saints or victims of evil spirits. In its aim to be a layered good-versus-evil story, many characters are reduced to binaries." Divya Shree of The Times of India rated the film 2/5 stars and opined "The film's ambition to create a supernatural world larger than a conventional horror narrative is evident, but the screenplay doesn't always deliver the surprises it promises."
Chetupelli Sanjiv Kumar for Hindustan Times rated the film 2.75/5 stars. Suresh Kavirayani for Cinema Express stated "It is not a great film, but it offers a few thrills and scary moments here and there." Banda Prakash of Deccan Chronicle opined "The second half becomes overloaded with explanations, with characters spelling out the mythology instead of allowing the mystery to unfold naturally. Several twists are also predictable well before they arrive, weakening the suspense."
Suhas Sistu of The Hans India stated "The forest scenes in the second half are engaging while the action-filled episode set in the fields is entertaining. The third act, though, slightly loses steam before picking up pace once again to create an effective climax." Bhumi Vashisht for The Sunday Guardian felt a few twists land out of nowhere and wrote "The way it is directed also stays tense, so even the simple scenes feel like they’re going to turn into something major."
Sakshi Post reviewer rated the film 2.75/5 stars and opined "The CGI and visual effects are another positive. They add scale to the supernatural world and help Agadha look different from a routine horror film." Bhanuprasad Rangaiahgari of News18 Telugu also rated the film 2.75/5 stars.
The 1997 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 10 to August 16, 1997. Eight teams, four international teams and four from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
The women's marathon team event at the 2026 European Athletics Championships took place in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 16 August 2026. The event, held within the women's marathon at the 2026 European Athletics Championships, doubled as the women's race for the European Marathon Cup.
The ranking was compiled by adding together the times of the first three athletes from each nation to reach the finish line, however medals were awarded to all team members.
The 1998 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 16 to August 22, 1998. Eight teams, four international teams and four from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
12 Bar Rhythm 'n' Shoes was a musical entertainment TV series from New Zealand. Airing in 1980-81 it featured 12 young New Zealand performers singing and dancing with each episode featuring a special guest.
The following year some cast members went on to front their own shows. Haughton, Kiddell and Harper starred in VJM (acronym of Vicky, Jane and Maggie), a five show musical entertainment series also featuring regular guests. Lee had Ladies and Gentlemen, Suzanne Lee for five episodes, featuring a live band and male dancers. Eriwata fronted his own five episode musical show titled Richard Eriwata - Te Wairua.
Douglas McKenzie in the Press critisised the Wild West theme and the climactic brawl of the final episode and wrote "Not to put too fine a point on it, this final sequence in "12 Bar Rhythm 'n' Shoes" was dirty, scrambling, brutish and unpleasant."
Miyān Aḥmad bin Bahbal bin Jamāl Kamboh (fl. 17th-century) was a Mughal period historian and author of a universal history, Maʿdan-i Akhbār-i Aḥmadī, completed in 1614 CE, during the reign of Jahangir. This work, in two volumes, was cited by several other authors, including Nimat Allah al-Harawi and Ahmad Yadgar. His father was in retinue of Bairam Khan in the service of Akbar while Tarikh-i-Khan-Jahani refers to him with nisbah Dehlavi, suggesting his association with Delhi. However, the work itself was written independent of Mughal court.
The first volume deals with legendary kings of Persia, Umayyads, Abbasids, Mongols, Byzantines, Safavids, Uzbeks, Ghaznavids, Ghurids, Delhi Sultanate, rulers of China and other dynasties. The second volume dealt with Timurids, starting form Timur and ending with Akbar, including portion on the Sur dynasty. The sections on the Lodi and Sur dynasties were of particular interest for the contemporary and modern historians.
Asante, also known as Asante Health System, is a nonprofit health system based in Medford, Oregon. It provides hospital and other healthcare services in southern Oregon and northern California.
The system includes Rogue Regional Medical Center in Medford and Asante Three Rivers Medical Center in Grants Pass. It also operated Asante Ashland Community Hospital in Ashland, Oregon.
Asante Three Rivers Medical Center is an acute-care hospital in Grants Pass. Asante's 2024 federal tax filing describes it as a 125-bed Level II trauma center.
Asante Ashland Community Hospital was a community hospital in Ashland. It provided inpatient and outpatient medical, surgical, emergency and diagnostic services. It now functions as a satellite of Three Rivers.
For the fiscal year ending September 30, 2024, Asante reported total revenue of approximately $1.38 billion and total expenses of $1.23 billion. It reported total assets of $2.15 billion at the end of the year.
The 1906–07 season was the third season in the history of Hull City Association Football Club and their second consecutive season in the Second Division. In addition to the domestic league, the club would also participate in the FA Cup.
Having struggled with an injury sustained early into Hull's debut league campaign, Ambrose Langley retired as a player to solely focus on managing the team for the 1906–07 season. His first decision as full-time manager was to promote one-time England international Gordon Wright to club captain, after his predecessor Tom Jones had left the Tigers over the summer.
111 West Main Street is a historic Queen Anne style building in Durham, North Carolina. Built in 1893, it is located within the Downtown Durham Historic District and is the oldest standing building in the district.
111 West Main Street was built in the Queen Anne style in 1893 and is the oldest building in downtown Durham's loop. The building was originally part of a larger structure that took up 109-111 W Main Street and housed the Ellis Stone department store. At one point, the 111 W Main portion of the building housed the W.A. Slater clothing store. The eastern half of the building was demlished in 1940 and the remaining western portion became storage for Baldwin's department store. In the 1970s, it was renovated and turned into an office space. In 1983, Sudi's restaurant was located in the building. The Primrose Bar, a bar and lounge, is located on the first floor.
23 January – Leopold William, as Captain-General of the Army of Flanders, prohibits all military governors, commanders or officers from levying any taxes or exactions on their own initiative.
20 March – Archduke Leopold Wilhelm of Austria lays the foundation stone of the new Capuchin church in Brussels, designed by Fr Charles of Brussels.
23 March – Brussels Privy Council issues a proclamation on behalf of Philip IV prohibiting his subjects from contributing to the building of Protestant churches in Dutch territory
8 October – City of Liège prohibits the sending of packets by the riverboat recently established in Maastricht rather than the two merchant boats already established in Liège
Antoine Brun, Recueil du discours, fait par Monsieur de Brun, ambassadeur d'Espagne, a Messieurs les Estats generaux, en la grande assemblee le 28. mars 1651 (Antwerp, J. Husens)
The 2026–27 season is the 113th season in the history of SC Austria Lustenau, and the club's first season in the Austrian Football Bundesliga since 2023–24. In addition to the domestic league, the team is scheduled to participate in the Austrian Cup.
Aria schuwerkiorum, or Schuwerk's whitebeam, is an apomictic species of tree in the family Rosaceae endemic to Bavaria, Germany. It is extremely rare and threatened with extinction.
Aria schuwerkiorum is an up to 10 m tall shrub or tree. The elliptic leaves have a serrate margin. The adaxial leaf surface is shiny and the abaxial leaf surface with 9–10 pairs of veins is pubescent with grey hairs.
The dome-shaped, 8–12 cm wide inflorescence bears white flowers. The white, basally pubescent petals are 3.5 mm long, and 7 mm wide. The relatively large, orange-red, oval fruit is 10 mm long, and 13 mm wide.
It was first described as Sorbus schuwerkiorum N.Mey. by Norbert Meyer in 2005. It was moved to the genus Aria (Pers.) J.Jacq. ex Host as Aria schuwerkiorum (N.Mey.) Mosyakin, Fedor. & McNeill by Sergei Leonidovich Mosyakin, Mykola Mykhaylovych Fedoronchuk, and John McNeill in 2025. It was first discovered by Ruth Schuwerk and und Herbert Schuwerk in 1985.
Aria schuwerkiorum is endemic to Bavaria, Germany, where it grows in two different locations in a small area of only 3 km2 on the edges of deciduous forest and on rocks on calcareous ground at elevations of 400–520 m above sea level.
It is a critically endangered species with a very restricted distribution and a small population of only 25 mature and 15 juvenile individuals. Landowners were informed of the occurrence of Aria schuwerkiorum on their property, and all individual trees were marked. The trees are being fenced off to protect them against grazing animals. State funding has been made available for the purpose of Aria schuwerkiorum conservation. It is cultivated in ex-situ conservation collections.
The 2026–27 season was USM Alger's 65th in existence, their 8th consecutive season in the top flight of the Algerian basketball, USM Alger participated in the season's editions of the Algerian Cup.
The Battle of Ablanovo, also known as the Battle of Gorsko Ablanovo, was a conflict that took place on 5–6 September 1877 near the village of Ablanovo in the Ottoman Empire during the Russo-Turkish War (1877–1878). The battle resulted in an Ottoman victory.
The Ottoman forces were commanded by Mehmed Ali Pasha, while the Russian army was under the overall command of Tsesarevich Alexander Romanov. Alexander had established his military headquarters in Katselovo. However, he and his army were forced to retreat to Gorsko Ablanovo after being driven out of the village by the Ottomans on 5 September. When the Ottomans reached Ablanovo, a counter-attack was launched under the leadership of Major General Aleksey Timofeev. After intense fighting, the Russian defense collapsed. Following an armistice proposed by Mehmed Ali Pasha on 6 September, the Russians were forced to withdraw their troops to the area around Ruse.
Grzesicki, Wiedstruck (1911). The Russo-Turkish War of 1877-1878 on the Balkan Peninsula (in German). Vienna: L. W. Seidel & Sohn. ISBN 9783747758342. {{cite book}}: ISBN / Date incompatibility (help)
The 1979–80 season was the 81st of competitive league football in the history of Wolverhampton Wanderers. They finished 6th in the First Division and won the League Cup for the second time, beating holders Nottingham Forest 1–0 in the final. The winning goal was scored by Scottish international forward Andy Gray, who had joined the club from Aston Villa on 8 September 1979 for a then-record British transfer fee of £1,469,000. This broke the previous record, set just a few days earlier, when Wolves sold midfielder Steve Daley to Manchester City for £1,437,500.
The season was also notable for the opening of the new John Ireland Stand at Molineux, the high cost of which created debts that contributed to financial turmoil and near-liquidation for the club later in the decade.
A Very Private School: A Memoir is a 2024 memoir by Charles Spencer, 9th Earl Spencer, about his childhood at Maidwell Hall School. It was published by William Collins, an imprint of HarperCollins, on 12 March 2024 in the United Kingdom.
In the book, Spencer recounted the trauma of being sent away from home at the age of eight, the beatings he received to the point of drawing blood, and punishments he witnessed, including the caning of the naked "buttocks [of young children] several times with a cane and carrying on". The book primarily discusses the period when the school was overseen by headmaster Alec "Jack" Porch (d. 2022), who retired in 1978 and whom Spencer describes as having an abusive leadership style.
During his research for the book, former pupils he interviewed disclosed that they had been raped repeatedly at the school, while some had lost siblings to self-neglect. One contemporary, when terminally ill, stipulated in his living will that he did not wish to see his parents, as he could not forgive them for sending him to the school. In an extract, Spencer details the sexual assaults and beatings he endured, stating that the school "sewed demons into the linings of the souls" of its victims. He also writes of having been sexually abused by a female staff member at Maidwell.
Spencer said that, after completing the book, he sought treatment at a "residential treatment centre" because the resurfacing trauma had caused a "breakdown". He argues that the brutalising effect of boarding schools on those who later hold positions of power has been damaging for society. Maidwell Hall reported itself to the local council following his allegations, and in June 2024, Northamptonshire Police announced that they had opened an investigation, with one person being arrested and released on conditional bail. The school closed at the end of the academic year in July 2025.
The book received generally positive reviews. The Daily Telegraph gave it five stars, describing it as a "searing, heartbreaking book" and praising Spencer's willingness to confront the "shibboleths of his class and upbringing". Blake Morrison of The Guardian described the memoir as a "shocking and moving account of abuse", noting its "righteous anger" and "therapeutic honesty". The Financial Times described the memoir as a "heartbreaking account" of a boarding school "without love", while noting that Spencer's writing style was "sometimes a little grand". The i Paper called the memoir "brave and gruesome" and said it was "a stark account" of Spencer's time at Maidwell Hall.
Writing in The Washington Post, Kate Maltby described the book as an exposé of abuse at Maidwell Hall, calling it "a tour de force" as personal testimony, while suggesting that Spencer's broader analysis of the culture behind such institutions was "fairly basic". The Times described the book as "excruciatingly sad" and praised its "searing frankness".
100 Days (Portuguese: 100 Dias) is an upcoming sea adventure action drama film directed by Carlos Saldanha. Based on One Hundred Days Between Sea and Sky, an autobiography by Amyr Klink, the film stars Filipe Bragança as Amyr Klink. Distributed by Buena Vista International, the film is set for release on 29 October 2026 in Brazil.
In 1984, Amyr Klink rows alone across the South Atlantic in a tiny boat, doing something no one had tried before. In 100 Days, his journey from Africa to Brazil becomes a fight against fear, loneliness, and the limits of his own strength. While his body struggles with the ocean, his mind wrestles with old memories, family issues, and the choices that shaped his life. In the end, crossing the ocean is only one part of the challenge, he also has to face and cross through himself.
In July 2021, it was reported that Carlos Saldanha would direct his first live-action feature, inspired by the true story of Brazilian explorer, sailor and writer Amyr Klink, who in 1984, at age 29, became the first person to row solo across the South Atlantic.
Principal photography began on 15 July 2024 in sprawling indoor water tank in a warehouse in São Paulo. Filming was wrapped up on 14 May 2025.
All India Institute of Medical Sciences, Nagaki is a proposed public medical university and hospital in Nagaki in the Chümoukedima District of the Indian state of Nagaland.
In May 2026, Nagaland Health Minister P. Paiwang Konyak proposed establishing a greenfield medical college and AIIMS at Nagaki during a meeting with Union Health Minister Jagat Prakash Nadda, who assured support for the proposal. In June 2026, Chief Minister Neiphiu Rio sought central support for the project and identified Nagaki as a future healthcare and education hub.
In August 2026, Konyak announced that the Nagaland government had submitted a formal proposal to the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, for establishment of a new greenfield AIIMS at Nagaki. Approximately 200 acres of land have been proposed for the institute.
Abdolkarim Gharib (1912 In Tehran – 17 February 2002 In Ashtian) was an Iranian geologist and academic. He has been described in multiple secondary sources as the “father of Iranian geology”. He was also one of the founders and early directors of the Higher School of Sciences in Arak, which later became the Arak University.
Gharib was born in 1912 in Tehran. He completed his primary education at Safavid School and graduated from Tehran Seminary High School in 1935 with a science diploma. He initially enrolled in mathematics at university for a short period, before transferring to the natural sciences. He completed his undergraduate studies in natural sciences in 1938, where geology formed part of his academic training. During this period, he studied under severalmasters, including Ahmad Parsa in botany.
Gharib joined the Higher School of Sciences, where he later became an associate professor in 1955. He remained active in academic teaching and research for several decades and retired in 1969 after approximately 38 years of service. Between 1969 and 1975, he played a key role in the establishment and administration of the Higher School of Sciences in Arak, which later developed into part of Arak University’s academic structure.
In 1992, Kharazmi University held a scientific seminar in recognition of his contributions to geology and education in Iran. In 1993, a section of the library of the Atomic Energy Organization of Iran was named in his honor.
Tobiasz started playing handball at the age of 10. From 1994 to 2003 she played for TV Lützellinden, where she won 3 German Championships, as well as the 1995-96 EHF Cup Winners' Cup.
At the 1997 World Championship she won bronze medals with the German team. Two years later she was part of the German team that finished 7th at the 1999 World Women's Handball Championship.
Yury Gusov of USSR won the gold medal, despite losing to Japan's Yosuke Nagano, thanks to a lower number of penalty points in the overall standings. Mongolian wrestler Danzandarjaagiin Sereeter finished sixth without losing a single match. Mohammad Farhangdoust from Iran initially received bronze medal. In the final standings, a judging dispute downgraded his silver to bronze in favor of Ludovic Ambruş, however, the FILA (now UWW) officially corrected this to silver in 2011, recognizing Farhangdoust's rightful achievement.
The 2026 Arctic Race of Norway was a road cycling stage race that took place between 13 and 16 August 2026. It was the 13th edition of the Arctic Race of Norway, which was rated as a 2.Pro event on the 2026 UCI ProSeries calendar.
On 9 August 2026, a van fire broke out on the A31 dual-carriageway near Ringwood, Hampshire, in the New Forest National Park. The van fire spread from the vehicle onto the central reservation before progressing on nearby heathland. The fire continued to spread for over a week, and has involved the destruction of more than 1.6 square kilometres (0.62 sq mi) of the New Forest's heathland, as well as a prolonged closure of the A31 for over ten days during the summer holidays, causing widespread travel disruption.
At approximately 17:20 BST (British Summer Time) on Sunday 9 August 2026, a van travelling on the A31 near Bratley Wood caught fire. Due to the unseasonably long, dry, and hot summer, in which Hampshire had not seen any rainfall for 59 days, the fire was able to spread from the van to the central reservation and then onto the heathland. Hampshire & Isle of Wight Fire and Rescue received over 160 emergency 999 calls at around 17:24 BST, and responded with 26 fire engines. Due to the remoteness of the area, there was no easily available water supply, so a hose was laid to Hightown Lake, 5 kilometres (3.1 mi) away, where water could be pumped to fight it, approximately 1,300 liters (340 U.S. gal) per minute.
A major incident was subsequently declared by the fire service, and it continued to spread across several hundred hectares of land, with firefighting efforts hampered by a change in wind direction on Tuesday 11 August. According to the fire service, 193 different firefighters have fought the blaze from 93 separate fire stations with support also sent from neighbouring counties and nationally, through the National Resilience programme, for example, two teams from Suffolk Fire & Rescue were also sent to the scene.
The fire has destroyed an area of protected heathland equivalent to approximately 230 football pitches, or over 400 acres, and has extensively damaged road infrastructure on the A31. The fire has threatened six endangered species including the Dartford warbler, nightjars, and all six species of native reptile found in the UK. The area is expected to take 15 to 20 years to recover.
The regular season began on 29 March 2025. Teams will play a split-season, with second-half games starting July 4. The CPBL All-Star Game is scheduled for the weekend of July 19–20.
2026 Israeli airstrikes on Abu al-Duhur Air Base were a series of air strikes carried out by Israel on 18 August 2026 against the Abu al-Duhur Air Base in eastern Idlib Governorate, northwestern Syria. Syrian state television reported eight air strikes hit the base's runway and storage facilities, causing material damage but no casualties.
The Abu al-Duhur base, about 70 kilometres from the Turkish border, had been out of service as a dedicated military airfield since 2013 and changed hands repeatedly during the Syrian civil war. Since the fall of Bashar al-Assad in December 2024, the base had been used as a training centre for Syria's new army. Israeli officials had reportedly detected signs that Syria was accelerating efforts to rebuild its air force, including pilot recruitment, flight training, and an exercise using Russian-made MiG-21 fighter jets in early August 2026, the first such exercise since Assad's ouster. The strikes also followed a visit to the site by a Turkish military delegation days earlier.
Syria's state broadcaster Al-Ekhbariya reported that Israeli aircraft targeted the runway and storage facilities at Abu al-Duhur with eight strikes overnight on 18 August 2026. Israel initially declined to comment but claimed responsibility later in the day. The Israeli prime minister's office said Israel and Syria had "agreed to a status quo" on security matters that Syria was "on the verge of breaching" by allowing Turkish troops to deploy at the airbase, adding that Syria had ignored repeated warnings on the matter. A Turkish source told Axios that Turkey had no military presence at the base, and accused Israel of "inventing pretexts to bomb neighbouring countries and destabilize the region".
Syria's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates condemned the strikes as an "unjustified act of aggression, a flagrant violation of Syria's sovereignty and territorial integrity, and a dangerous escalation that threatens security and stability in the region," and said it would continue to defend its rights by legitimate means under international law.
Jordan's Ministry of Foreign Affairs and Expatriates also condemned the strikes, calling them "an unjustified act of aggression... and a blatant breach of international law and the UN Charter," and urged the international community to compel Israel to halt its attacks on Syria and end its occupation of Syrian territory.
Turkey condemned the strikes as a violation of international law and called on the international community to hold Israel accountable. Turkish foreign minister Hakan Fidan said Israel's attacks on Syria were among the greatest destabilizing factors for the country's stability.
US Ambassador to Turkey and Special Envoy for Syria Tom Barrack condemned the strike as an "unnecessary escalation," saying the government of Ahmed al-Sharaa had "neither adopted a predatory posture nor maintained proxy forces," and urged all parties to "prioritise logical discourse over further military incidents". Barrack later said the strike carried "a real risk of rapid escalation into a direct military confrontation between Israel and Turkey as well as Syria," noting Turkish forces had not been informed the Israeli aircraft were en route, and that Washington was engaged in discussions to relaunch a deconfliction cell between Israel and Syria.
Analysts told Al Jazeera the strike was intended as a message to both Damascus and Ankara against rebuilding Syria's air force and expanding Turkish influence in the country, drawing a comparison to Israeli strikes on Syrian airbases in March 2025 that had also followed visits by Turkish military teams.
Autrigoniscus resinicola was described from 3 amber fossils from the Basque-Cantabrian Basin of northern Spain. All three specimens were presumably male and one specimen had potential remnants of the digestive tract.
Embedded in the specially constructed 100-metre-long thoroughfare, A Light and Sound Transit by the artist Hans Peter Kuhn provided an example of cutting-edge, contemporary public art. It gained national attention as a permanent sculptural work that consisted of sound and computing technologies.
The upgrade of the Neville Street tunnel was a major scheme in the Holbeck Urban Village development, led through a partnership between Leeds City Council, Yorkshire Forward and The Northern Way.
The tunnel entrance into the city remains an enclosed site with high levels of pollution. It has been cited as the fourth most polluted street in the UK by Friends of the Earth, exceeding UK safety targets with double the recommended levels of nitrogen dioxide.
Launched in 2009, the interplay of light and sound transformed the gateway tunnel into an immersive urban landscape for its 13,000 daily users. It sought to improve lighting, reduce traffic noise and alter perceptions about the safety of the tunnel for pedestrians. It was decommissioned due to an extensive redevelopment of Leeds Railway Station in 2023.
Commissioned within the Holbeck Urban Village development, the upgrade of the tunnel was a policy priority to re-establish the vital tunnel infrastructure to allow for the expansion of the city centre into the south aspects of the city and the neighborhoods of Holbeck and Beeston.
The Neville Street scheme incorporated physical improvements to the infrastructure of the tunnel that included noise dampening panels, extending the pavements, bus stop relocation and the reduction of traffic lanes from four to three.
Bauman Lyons Architects led a team of Arup specialists including engineers and acousticians, Leeds company LiteLED, public art agency MAAP with Leeds City Council project management. Artists were brought into the design team at a very early stage of concept development.
Berlin based artist Hans Peter Kuhn created A Light and Sound Transit as grids of LED lights that changed once per day and a subtle sound composition that balanced the noise from inside the tunnel. Leeds-based graphic artist Andy Edwards’ ‘Counterflow’, used a moiree optical effect to increase drivers' speed awareness on entering the city to slow down traffic movement.
The design created a practical pairing of art and science by using sound, light, architecture and engineering technologies, and balanced the need for a functional and durable installation with the desire for an aesthetically pleasing and impressive artwork.
Investment of £2 million was provided by Leeds City Council with £1.95mill from Yorkshire Forward and Northern Way contributing £646,000. Onsite works began in June 2009 and the scheme launched in November 2009.
Highly engineered panels of graffiti resistant aluminium housed a sound-absorbent material (Quietstone) to reduce the noise level. To improve lighting and passive security, a high-performance Meyer PA speaker system with 24 speakers arranged in pairs was mounted on the overhead canopy with computer hardware for Kuhn's sound artwork. 3,200 embedded LEDs as part of 28,500 acrylic 'stalks' embedded in the perforated wall panels for the East Wall, arranged in gridlines, changed pattern each day.
Works had to be temporarily halted as the lead contractor Wrekin went into administration with the Scunthorpe firm Saferoad BLG taking on the role as a previous sub-contractor.
Councillor Andrew Carter, leader of Leeds City Council ‘Neville Street should mark the point of entry into a world-class city and remind the UK’s business sector that we are a business-ready city’.
Public art was part of UK National Government policy to re-balance the North/South economic divide through an investment programme called ‘Welcome to the North’. A Light and Sound Transit was selected as one of six iconic public sculptures, launched between 2007 and 2010, alongside Antony Gormley’s Another Place, Crosby Beach and Richard Wilson’s Turning the Place Over. The artworks received investment from a £100m growth initiative led by the Labour Government who recognised the potential of public art as a cultural catalyst.
In the case of the Leeds project, £646,000 funded the artist’s fees, PA speaker system, a major interpretation and education programmes, and public messaging and marketing.
A training programme for 'Light' Neville Street, entitled Klanging Banging, provided 12- month bursaries for emergent sound artists. Four students from Leeds universities with specialisms in composition, music technology and fine art were selected and created new pieces of sound art for Neville Street and Holbeck Urban Village. Junction by Stuart Childs and Chris Martin, located on the Granary Wharf canal side, was a sonic re-telling of the industrial past of the area to the evolution of digital and knowledge industries. Tom Cookson’s piece Urban Birdsong drew parallels between the sounds of city, traffic and nature from specially created birdbox in the trees at the entrance to Neville Street. The programme was produced by MAAP in partnership with Lumen Arts.
Hans Peter Kuhn projects, photography by Gerhard Kassner 13 September- 8 November 2008, Project Space Leeds. Kassner’s large scale images depict Hans Peter Kuhn’s international portfolio of public projects which transform urban landscapes and industrial architecture using light and sound.
The ‘Light’ Neville Street collection of documents is now held in the Henry Moore Institute's Archive of Sculptors’ Papers partnership with Leeds Museums and Galleries. The archive includes a 360 degree movie of the Neville Street tunnel with the artists' light and sound works viewable on a VR headset.
In January 2026, Storm Chandra caused flooding Axminster, Devon. In Devon, dozens of schools were closed due to floods. Warnings were made for the Mid Devon rivers of Creedy, Yeo, Little Dart and the Lapford Yeo. In Somerset, floods affected the villages of Moorland and Fordgate. Dozens of flood warnings were in effect across Gloucestershire, Somerset and Wiltshire. Residents were evacuated due to floods in Ballinluig in Perthshire. There was flooding in York when the water levels rose at the River Ouse.
In August 2026, the Met Office warned of possible flash flooding. On 5 August, a planned quarry blast resulted to flood homes in a village. Rhun ap Iorwerth visited Gwaelod-y-Garth where residents had been evacuated. Flood defences were carried out Attingham Park to build dams, restoring ponds and planting trees to prevent the River Severn and River Tern from flooding.
On 20 August, flash flooding hit Edinburgh following heavy rain. As a result roads were closed to traffic. Tourists visiting the Edinburgh Fringe Festival were affected.
The 1995 IYRU Youth Sailing World Championships took place in Hamilton, Bermuda from the 12 to 18 July 1995. It was the 25th edition of the IYRU Youth Sailing World Championships.
15 Stonegate is a Grade II* listed building on Stonegate in the city of York, England. It incorporates fabric from two timber‑framed structures of probable 15th‑century date, thought to have formed part of the earlier buildings at Nos. 17 and 19, now Mulberry Hall. The building was altered and cased in brick in the mid‑18th century, and has had a range of later uses, including as the King's Head inn. It was restored in the late 20th century when the shopfront was renewed, and was formerly known as 12 Stonegate. It is now occupied by The Botanist York bar and restaurant.
The building stands on Stonegate and incorporates parts of two timber‑framed structures of probable 15th‑century date, thought to have formed part of the earlier buildings at Nos. 17 and 19, now Mulberry Hall. These were later altered and cased in brick in the mid‑18th century, likely by the bricklayer William Fleming. Among its recorded uses, the building served as a stable with a loft above before being converted into a dwelling house, and at one time operated as the King's Head inn. It was restored in the late 20th century when the shopfront was renewed. It was also formerly known as 12 Stonegate, although the date at which this numbering was applied is unclear.
On 14 June 1954, 15 Stonegate was designated a Grade II* listed building, and in 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area. No. 15 is now occupied by The Botanist York bar and restaurant. It adjoins Mulberry Hall on its Stonegate side, while No. 13 lies across the entrance to Little Stonegate.
The building has an orange‑brown brick exterior with simple painted stone details, a timber shopfront and a plain tiled roof. The right side of the ground floor is rendered, and the roof has stone-edged gables and brick chimneys.
The front has three storeys and three bays. The shopfront includes pilasters and a shaped cornice, with a margin‑glazed, panelled door beneath a decorative fanlight, flanked by bow windows. On the first floor are sash windows in shaped surrounds, the centre one highlighted by a small pediment and a balustraded panel beneath. The second floor has smaller sash windows, with the centre opening blind. A dentilled cornice runs across the top, with a shaped rainwater head at the left end.
The right-hand side has three storeys and an attic, with the gable of the main range next to a lower two‑storey wing. Both parts repeat the shopfront design from the main elevation. The gable wall has sash windows on the first and second floors and a small round attic window. The wing has sash windows on the first floor.
Inside, a dragon beam from an earlier building survives in the front room on the ground floor. The front room on the first floor has a ceiling with moulded beams and a dentilled cornice, and contains a plain fireplace.
The 2026 NCAA Division I women's soccer season will be the 45th season of NCAA championship women's college soccer. The season began August 12, 2026, and is scheduled to conclude with the 2026 NCAA Division I women's soccer championship game on December 13, 2026.
In May 2026, the NCAA Division I Men's Soccer Oversight Committee approved a proposed change to the soccer schedule. Under the new schedule, the season would be divided between spring and fall segments, with a winter break from late November until mid-February. The NCAA Tournament and College Cup would take place in the spring. The new schedule would take effect with the 2027–28 academic year. This change would only affect the men's side of college soccer, and not the women's.
However, in June 2026, the proposed schedule failed to gain the necessary approval of the Division I Cabinet. The Cabinet remanded the proposal to the Divison I Men's Soccer Oversight Committee, asking the committee to provide further clarity. It is unknown whether the new schedule will be approved, or if it is, when it will be implemented. Thus, both men and women's college soccer remains on similar fall-only schedules.
As a result of the above changes in conference sponsorship there will be 32 conferences with automatic bids to the 2026 NCAA Division I women's soccer tournament.
Two members of the Big West Conference will leave the Big West for the WCC after the 2026–27 school year. At the same time, Fairfield will leave the Metro Conference for the Coastal Athletic Association.
June 23 – The NCAA Division I Cabinet unanimously approved a new age-based eligibility proposal for that division, which officially took effect with the end of the Cabinet's meeting the next day. Under the new model, students will have five years of athletic eligibility, and will be able to play in all five years. Athletes' eligibility clocks start with the earlier of (1) their full-time enrollment in a degree-granting institution or (2) the start of the academic year that immediately follows an individual's 19th birthday. Redshirting is no longer allowed, even for medical reasons; the only exceptions allowed for male athletes are for full-time military service or religious missions. Students enrolling full-time in college for the first time in 2026, plus those who had remaining eligibility under previous rules at the end of 2025–26, can use whichever model is most advantageous to them. Those who exhausted their eligibility under previous rules in 2025–26 will not receive any additional eligibility, even if they initially enrolled in 2022–23 (giving them four years of eligibility).
June 24 – On the same day the new age-based eligibility model took effect, a group of 15 college basketball players, all of whom graduated from high school in 2022 and exhausted their eligibility under the previous rules in 2025–26, filed suit in Hamilton County, Ohio challenging the application of the new model to their high school cohort. Other suits on similar grounds were expected to be filed in other states.
July 31 – Rulings in two separate court cases undercut the NCAA's planned "five for five" eligibility model as applied to 2022 high school graduates. First, a Tennessee state court judge granted a temporary injunction that allowed 19 basketball players in that class an extra season of eligibility. Several hours later, a federal judge in Colorado issued a preliminary injunction that applied to all members of the high school class of 2022 who had exhausted athletic eligibility, regardless of sport, and also provided those individuals an extra season of eligibility. The NCAA was expected to appeal.
August 20 – In an event billed as "Soccer at Sanford" (i.e., Georgia's football home of Sanford Stadium), honoring the 30th anniversary of the first Olympic women's soccer final, in which the US defeated China at that venue, Georgia defeated James Madison 6–0 before a crowd of 25,433, a new record for an NCAA soccer match regardless of sex.
In this list, a "major upset" is defined as a game won by an unranked team that defeats a team ranked No. 15 or higher, or a team ranked 10 spots lower than the other team.
On 17 August 2026, a report of sexual assault was made at the Pullman Hotel in East Melbourne, following an incident inside the hotel room of a Sydney Swans player that occurred earlier that morning. Several players had stayed up late following the club's victory over Essendon in a match held the previous afternoon.
Two days later, Sydney announced that five of its players – Riley Bice, Nick Blakey, Isaac Heeney, James Jordon and Chad Warner – would be stood down from playing in the Australian Football League (AFL) for the remainder of the 2026 season, citing breaches of the club's behavioural standards. It has not been suggested in media reports that any of the players are being accused of sexual assault. At present, an investigation from Victoria Police is ongoing.
On 16 August 2026, the Sydney Swans defeated the Essendon Football Club by 36 points at the Melbourne Cricket Ground (MCG) in round 23 of the 2026 AFL season. Members of Sydney's playing and coaching groups went out for drinks later that evening; according to the club, staff had gathered for a "pre-planned get together" and their actions were "not inappropriate". Several players remained out until the early morning hours of 17 August.
After returning to the Pullman Hotel in East Melbourne – where Swans players, coaches and staff were staying overnight – several current players moved to one hotel room. According to The Sydney Morning Herald, a "former Swans player and a further friend joined the group for at least a period of this night". Sports journalist Tom Morris reported that two topless waitresses were booked by a player, with a third arriving at 5:30am for a two-hour booking. Morris also reported that multiple players took cocaine in the hotel room, although it was unclear which players were involved in drug use. Separately, ABC News reported that detectives had been told some Sydney players paid the women to consume drugs off their bodies.
While it is uncertain what happened next, one of the women soon made an allegation of sexual assault. Two women left the hotel room and entered the foyer, where they were joined by a third woman, before a "commotion" occurred at around 7:30am. At that time, the women confronted Sydney staff, including head coach Dean Cox, who was described as "shocked" by the scene that was taking place.
At 11:58am that morning, Sydney released a short statement, saying it "can confirm several players were involved in an alleged incident in Melbourne last night" and the club had "notified the AFL and relevant authorities". Around the same time, Victoria Police confirmed it was "investigating a report of a sexual assault in East Melbourne" and "the exact circumstances are yet to be established and the investigation into the incident remains ongoing". It was revealed in media reports later that evening that five Sydney players – Riley Bice, Nick Blakey, Isaac Heeney, James Jordon and Chad Warner – were involved, although there were no specific allegations or suggestions of wrongdoing made against the players.
Sydney CEO Matthew Pavlich said the club was "deeply embarrassed and ashamed that the poor choices of five of our players" and the impact it had "on the women involved, the club, our supporters and so many other people". AFL CEO Andrew Dillon said the "conduct and serious allegations regarding Sydney players are deeply concerning" and raised "broader issues for our game and our responsibilities as a sport", while also saying the woman who made the report to police was "entitled to privacy and care". Ben Carroll, the Premier of Victoria, said that although the matter was under police investigation, all women "deserve to be treated with respect and to be given the safety that they deserve".
Sydney announced on the evening of 18 August that the club's board would meet to agree on player sanctions and penalties, after conducting its own interviews with the players involved in the incident. The club said the players were in "serious breach" of the club's expected behaviour and standards. The following morning, Sydney revealed that Bice, Blakey, Heeney, Jordon and Warner would be ineligible for team selection for the remainder of the 2026 AFL season, including the finals series.
In a joint statement released following the announcement of the suspensions, the five players said they were "deeply sorry to everyone involved" and their behaviour had "fallen well short" of the standards expected and the values of the club.
The AFL had intended to release the 2026 All-Australian squad – representing the 46 best-performed players from the 2026 season – on the evening of 17 August, before it was delayed when the incident was revealed. On 19 August, the AFL confirmed that the five suspended Sydney players would not be considered for selection in the All-Australian squad. Blakey, Heeney and Warner were seen as in contention to make the squad based on their performances from the 2026 season. For context, Heeney, Jordon, Warner and Blakey were ranked first, third, fourth and seventh, respectively, at the 2025 Bob Skilton Medal count, which is a club-run award to adjudicate the player it deems to be best and fairest.
Some of the reaction in the media focused on the impact of the player suspensions on the rest of Sydney's season, including the finals series. The Swans finished second on the ladder (regardless of the result of its match against North Melbourne in round 24) and will play at least two finals matches, including a home qualifying final. On The Agenda Setters, former Port Adelaide player Kane Cornes said from "the football point of view", the players' lack of consideration for their teammates "is what makes me so angry". Sydney chairman Andrew Pridham said the club had "torpedoed" its chances of winning the premiership by suspending the five players.
The 2026 Valparaiso Beacons football team represents Valparaiso University as a member of the Pioneer Football League (PFL) during the 2026 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Beacons are led by second-year head coach Andy Waddle, who is assisted by second-year offensive coordinator Reed Florence and second-year defensive coordinator Zach Feltrop. Home games are played at Brown Field in Valparaiso, Indiana.
The 2026–27 Drexel Dragons women's basketball team will represent Drexel University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Dragons, led by seventh-year head coach Amy Mallon, will play their home games at the Daskalakis Athletic Center in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania as a member of the Coastal Athletic Association.
The Dragons finished the 2025–26 season 21–11 overall and 13–5 in CAA play, to finish in a tie for second in the conference with Campbell. As the No. 3 seed in the CAA tournament, the Dragons earned a double-bye to the quarterfinals, where they defeated No. 6 Elon 68–53. They could not advance to the championship game, as they were upset by No. 10 Hofstra in the semifinals, losing 49–53 in overtime.
Following their tournament elimination, the Dragons accepted an at-large bid to the WNIT, their 12th overall appearance and their first since 2023. They lost in the first round to St. Bonaventure 67–69 in overtime to end their season.
The 1929–30 Cleveland Rosenblums season was both the Rosenblums' fifth season of existence (as well as their final full season of play) as a professional franchise (after previously playing by as early as 1919 in an independent basis under the Rosenblum Credits name) and the fifth season of existence for the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. For the fourth time in five seasons, the American Basketball League would utilize the split season formatting, though similar to the previous ABL season, the American Basketball League would have eight teams competing within the two half seasons that were being utilized here instead of the one whole season that was being was the season before that one. However, unlike that previous season, this season would see not just one, but two different teams drop out of the ABL entirely, with the New York (Original) Celtics basically being a shell of their former selves by this point in time and later having their average 5–5 record be stricken from the record books by the end of the season after dropping out of the league by December 19, 1929, while the Syracuse All-Americans fared even worse than them by comparison, to the point where they ended up forfeiting their final four games scheduled in the first half of the season after officially dropping out of the season themselves on January 6, 1930. During the first half of the season, the Rosenblums would continue showcasing why they were the top team in the ABL when they finished that half of the season with an above-average 17–7 record for a first place finish there, being two games ahead of the Brooklyn Visitations and three games ahead of the Rochester Centrals. Because of that fact, Cleveland would once again have a chance to automatically claim the league's championship by default by winning the second half of the season outright, though they would be denied that right due to them by being one game behind the surging Rochester Centrals for first place, meaning the above-average 18–12 record for the second half of the season that was one game ahead of the just as surprisingly surging Chicago Bruins would only be good for second place instead. Despite that fact, the Rosenblums would still have a chance at repeating as champions in the ABL (and winning three out of five ABL championships) due to their first half champion status, with their Rosenblums and second half champion Centrals competing in a best-of-seven championship series. While Rochester would upset Cleveland in the first game of the series, the Rosenblums would end up taking control of the rest of the series not long afterward to win the series 4–1 under five straight days of play to win their second straight ABL championship and third championship in five seasons, further showcasing the combination of Carl Husta (and George Glasco) and former Original Celtics players for their starting line-up provided one of the best starting line-ups in professional basketball history at the time, with Cookie Cunningham being a capable back-up center in the process alongside Red Skurnick being a worthwhile back-up guard/forward for the team as well. However, the hubris of Max Rosenblum's team would later lead to its greatest downfall by the time the (original iteration of the) ABL entered its (supposed) final season of play with upcoming rule changes coming into play to help curb their own power there.
Note: Cliff Anderson, Ray Dickerson, Dink Irwin, player-coach Dave Kerr, and Scotty McDougal would all not be a part of the team's (playing) roster by the time they entered the ABL championship series.
The 2026–27 Wake Forest Demon Deacons women's basketball team will represent Wake Forest University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Demon Deacons will be led by fifth-year head coach Megan Gebbia, and will play their games at LJVM Coliseum in Winston-Salem, North Carolina as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Demon Deacons finished the 2025–26 season 14–18 overall and 4–14 in ACC play, to finish in fifteenth in the conference. As the No. 15 seed in the ACC tournament, they lost in the first round to No. 10 California.
Following their tournament elimination, the Demon Deacons entered into the WNIT, making their first appearance in the tournament, as well as the postseason, since 2023. They lost in the first round to Maryland Eastern Shore 48–59 to end their season.
The men's marathon team at the 2026 European Athletics Championships took place in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 16 August 2026. The event, held within the men's marathon at the 2026 European Athletics Championships, doubled as the men's race for the European Marathon Cup.
The 1999 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 15 to August 21, 1999. Eight teams, four international teams and four from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship in a double-elimination tournament.
The 1940 Estonian coup d'état, also known as the June coup, or in Soviet historiography, the June Revolution of 1940, was the Soviet-backed replacement of the government of the Republic of Estonia on 21 June 1940. Following the issuance of an ultimatum to the Estonians on 16 June, Soviet troops occupied Estonia on 17 June. Soviet emissary Andrei Zhdanov then pressured Estonian president Konstantin Päts to install a new government led by Johannes Vares. With the coup, Estonia effectively lost its sovereignty, and rigged elections took place in July, with Estonia incorporated formally into the USSR on 6 August 1940. Both Estonia and many historians have viewed the entire episode as a military occupation and illegal annexation, whereas Soviet historiography presented it as a voluntary socialist revolution.
Estonia declared independence in February 1918 and won the Estonian War of Independence against Soviet Russia. The 1920 Treaty of Tartu recognized Estonian independence. From 1934, Konstantin Päts ruled in an authoritarian manner, having declared a state of national emergency and suspended political parties.
Under the secret protocol of the August 1939 Molotov–Ribbentrop Pact, Estonia was placed in the Soviet sphere of influence. In September–October 1939, the Soviet Union compelled Estonia to sign a "mutual assistance treaty" allowing Soviet military bases on Estonian territory, with about 25,000 Soviet troops stationed there by October 1939.
Soviet military planning against the Baltic states intensified in early June 1940. Troops in the Leningrad, Kalinin and Belarus Special Military Districts were placed on combat readiness, prisoner-of-war camps were prepared for Baltic prisoners, and the Baltic Fleet was assigned to support an invasion. A combat order of the 8th Army, drafted on 13 June 1940, directed Soviet forces to cross the Estonian border and "isolate the Estonian Army from the Latvian Army and to annihilate it". The plan also called for a landing across Lake Peipus and air strikes against Estonian airfields.
On 12 June, the Soviet Union occupied the island of Naissaar and closed the Bay of Tallinn. A sea and air blockade followed on 14 June. On 16 June 1940, Soviet Foreign Minister Vyacheslav Molotov presented an ultimatum to the Estonian ambassador in Moscow, accusing Estonia of violating the mutual assistance treaty and demanding a new government and the admission of additional Red Army troops. Estonia was given until 11 p.m. to reply. According to the order of the People's Commissar for Defence, the Baltic Fleet was to be ready to capture Estonian and Latvian warships and to land troops at Paldiski and Tallinn. The Estonian government decided to accept the ultimatum, judging armed resistance to be hopeless.
Additional Soviet troops entered Estonia on 17 June 1940. By 21 June, there were over 100,000 Soviet military personnel in the country. The government of Prime Minister Jüri Uluots resigned on 18 June. Andrei Zhdanov arrived in Tallinn on 19 June as Moscow's emissary and dictated the composition of the new government to President Päts. On 21 June, Päts, under pressure from Zhdanov, appointed a government headed by the physician and poet Johannes Vares.
The Estonian Communist Party, which was illegal at the time, had only 133 members. Soviet emissaries chose politically inexperienced figures for leadership positions: Vares in Estonia, Justas Paleckis in Lithuania and Augusts Kirhenšteins in Latvia. The change of government on 21 June was accompanied by demonstrations in Tallinn, which Soviet-era accounts later portrayed as a mass uprising. In fact, according to historians, the demonstrations were smaller than claimed and included Soviet soldiers and Russian workers driven to the capital and dressed in civilian clothing.
An armed clash occurred in Tallinn on the night of 21 June, after an Estonian communications battalion that had been ousted from its barracks opened fire. The clash ended after the arrival of the Vares government's minister of war and Red Army armored cars. The military occupation of Estonia was completed within days, and the headquarters of the 8th Army was relocated to Tartu.
The new Soviet-directed government organized parliamentary elections on 14–15 July 1940. In all three Baltic states, only one election ticket was permitted: the "working people's bloc", dominated by communists under the direction of Soviet commissars. Other tickets were rejected on technical grounds. The campaign was accompanied by mass arrests of former officials, officers, clergymen and others suspected of opposing the new order, and threats that abstaining voters would be treated as enemies of the people.
The new "parliaments" convened on 21–22 July, declared Estonia a soviet socialist republic and applied for admission to the Soviet Union. Estonia's request was accepted by the Supreme Soviet of the USSR on 6 August 1940. The decisions of the Vares government and the July "parliament" were directed by Soviet representatives in Tallinn according to directives of the Politburo of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union.
President Päts was deported to Ufa on 30 July 1940 and later died in a Soviet psychiatric hospital in 1956. General Johan Laidoner, commander-in-chief of the Estonian armed forces, was deported to Penza on 17 July 1940 and died in prison in 1953. The Estonian army was reorganized as a Red Army territorial corps in August 1940. From June to August 1940, over 300 people were arrested by Soviet security forces; subsequent political repression, mass arrests and the June 1941 deportations followed.
The Estonian International Commission for Investigation of Crimes Against Humanity concluded that the USSR occupied Estonia on 17 June 1940 by threat of military force, that the "voluntary" joining of the Baltic states with the Soviet Union was staged, and that the annexation was illegal. Tannberg and Tarvel similarly describe the events as a carefully planned military occupation in which the Red Army was prepared for full-scale action against the Baltic states.
After the occupation, Soviet historians and the press constructed what later Estonian historians have called the "June Myth". According to this narrative, the events of 21 June 1940 were a voluntary and spontaneous revolution by the Estonian working people, led by the Communist Party and unassisted by Soviet military force. The Soviet press presented the change of government as the "turn of June", a decisive, irreversible turning point in Estonian history. The role of the Red Army was omitted or minimized, and photographs and documents were altered to remove Soviet soldiers and tanks.
Abdelnaser Abdelfattah (Pashto: عبدالناصر عبد الفتاح; born 1 March 1984), is an Iranian-Egyptian businessperson and politician of Turkish ethnicity. He began his career at the age of nine as a satellite dish installation technician. After turning eleven, he established a small shop in 1995 named Al-Agha Company; this now serves as the parent company of the Al-Agha Group, which he founded in 2013. descent he founded the Agha Group in 2013 He graduated from the keck School of Medicine at the University of Southern California in 2007.
Abdelnaser Abdelfattah Raed was born on March 1, 1984, in the city of Qus, Qena Governorate. Born to a Turkish father and an Egyptian mother, he commands a massive fortune exceeding $40 billion.
The 1928–29 Cleveland Rosenblums season was both the Rosenblums' fourth season of existence as a professional franchise (after previously playing by as early as 1919 in an independent basis under the Rosenblum Credits name) and the fourth season of existence for the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. During the offseason, the ABL had entered a crossroads of sorts where the league's popularity was considered to be rather high, but it came at the cost of the Original Celtics dominating the rest of the competition and risked ending the rest of the league due to games featuring the Original Celtics (usually) showcasing high attendance values upon road matches (to the point where some crowds would chant "Break up the Celtics!"), but often displaying poor attendance values for the rest of the games in the league by comparison (to the point where only five teams looked certain to enter this season originally). Not only that, but the Celtics' own team owner, Jim Furey, would have to go to prison during this upcoming season due to him embezzling $187,000 from a company he worked with in his spare time called the Arnold Constable Corporation. This combination of factors alongside the change of league presidents from NFL president Joseph Carr to former Interstate Basketball League and Metropolitan Basketball League creator and president, Naismith Basketball Hall of Famer John J. O'Brien, led to the ABL accepting the wishes of both the fans and other league owners in breaking up the Original Celtics (and having them replaced by the New York Hakoahs for this season by extension) in order to help bolster other ABL teams up for plans of long-term success going forward. In the case of the Cleveland Rosenblums, they would get the bulk of the Original Celtics players joining their team with John "Pete" Barry, Dutch Dehnert, and Joe Lapchick (and later John Beckman) all sticking together out in Cleveland instead of having the Celtics' players be more fairly distributed within the ABL. This would lead to the Rosenblums being the new kings of the ABL for the rest of their existence going forward not long afterward.
Entering this season properly, the Rosenblums would end up being one of eight ABL teams competing in the league this season, with this season being the most stable of the league's entire history (at least in terms of its original existence). During the first half of the season, they would be one game ahead of the Fort Wayne Hoosiers to finish that half of the season in first place with an above-average 19–9 record with a chance to become automatic champions if they won the second half of the season soon afterward due to the ABL returning to the split season format that was used in their first two seasons of play. However, the second half of the season would see them tie up with the former MBL team known as the Brooklyn Visitations for a second place spot with an above-average 10–4 record, which saw them both be one game behind the Hoosiers for the first place spot in the second half of the season. This meant that the ABL would see the two best teams of the league this season in the Cleveland Rosenblums and the Fort Wayne Hoosiers compete in a revised ABL championship series that would now be a best-of-seven series instead of a best-of-five series due in part to the league anticipating that the series would be just as competitive for the championship as the two teams were against each other throughout the entire season. Unfortunately for the ABL, the championship series between the two teams would prove to be rather anticlimactic by comparison to the way they performed against each other throughout the season, as the Rosenblums would end up sweeping the Hoosiers in four straight games to return to their championship glory within the ABL once again.
Note: The team's official, final (playing) roster once they entered the ABL championship series included John "Pete" Barry, John Beckman, Dutch Dehnert, Rich Deighan, Carl Husta, Joe Lapchick, and Red Skurnick, with player-coach Dave Kerr taking on the head coach role for the team during the championship series.
10 December – Decree in Liège ordering owners of mills, forges and furnaces along the river Ourthe to remove all obstacles to navigation on the river.
Edward Knott, Infidelity Unmasked, or The Confutation of a Booke, Published by M. William Chillingworth, under this Title: The Religion of Protestants a Safe Way to Salvation' (Ghent, Maximiliaan Graet)
Accopatough (also spelled Acapataugh; died between 4 April and 11 May 1651) was a seventeenth-century weroance and hereditary leader of the Rappahannock people in what is now eastern Virginia. He is principally known from an April 1651 deed conveying a large tract of Rappahannock land on the north side of the Rappahannock River to English colonist Moore Fauntleroy. Accopatough died while traveling toward Jamestown to certify the Fauntleroy transaction and was succeeded by Taweeren, who ratified the deed on 11 May 1651.
The Rappahannock were an Algonquian-speaking people whose homeland extended along both sides of the Rappahannock River. When John Smith explored the river in 1608, he recorded fourteen Rappahannock settlements on its northern bank. Their capital, which Smith called Topahanocke, was associated with the river from which the English derived the name Rappahannock.
A weroance was the leader of an Indigenous town or political district in the Powhatan political world. The office was ordinarily inherited through the female line, and the weroance governed with the advice of councillors. His responsibilities could include allocating the communal use of land, judging disputes, organizing military defense, receiving visitors and representing the community in relations with neighboring peoples.
Colonial documents rendered Indigenous leadership in European terms and described Accopatough as the "right-born and true king" of the Rappahannock towns and their associated territory.
English settlement in the Rappahannock River valley began during the 1640s, much of it without the consent of the region's Indigenous inhabitants. After the Third Anglo-Powhatan War and the death of Opechancanough, colonists increasingly patented land along the river. The Rappahannock consequently concentrated more of their settlement and agricultural activity on the river's northern side, although they continued to use their traditional hunting grounds to the south.
On 4 April 1651, Accopatough executed a deed in favor of the English planter and politician Moore Fauntleroy. The document identified Accopatough as weroance of the Rappahannock towns and purported to convey territory on the north side of the Rappahannock River. Its described boundaries extended from the vicinity of Morattico or Moraughtacund Bay along the river to the waterway identified as Totosha or Totuskey Creek, and eastward toward the Potomac River. The transaction is therefore often described more simply as the conveyance of Rappahannock territory east, or downstream, of Totuskey Creek.
According to the deed, the consideration consisted of ten fathoms of peake, or shell beads, together with goods valued at thirty arm-lengths of roanoke, another form of shell currency. The document described Fauntleroy as Accopatough's "loving friend and brother" and stated that Fauntleroy was to accompany Accopatough and his men to the colonial governor and return them safely to Rappahannock territory. The deed was witnessed by several Rappahannock leaders and formally delivered through the ceremonial transfer of "tree and turf."
The language of the deed granted Fauntleroy and his heirs extensive authority over the property. It purported to assure their perpetual occupation of the land and authorized Fauntleroy to punish Indigenous people who interfered with his possession. Modern historical research characterizes the document as one of the relatively few surviving seventeenth-century records describing a direct land transaction between an English colonist and a Rappahannock leader.
Accopatough planned to travel with Fauntleroy to Jamestown to obtain colonial recognition of the agreement. He died while en route, sometime after the deed was signed on 4 April and before its ratification on 11 May 1651.
On 11 May, his successor Taweeren ratified the transaction. Their statement called Fauntleroy their "loving brother" and confirmed the land to him and his heirs. The colonial government issued Fauntleroy a patent for the tract on 22 May 1651.
In 1658, another Rappahannock leader, Naeheoopa, and members of the tribal council appeared before the justices of Old Rappahannock County. They stated that, before his death, Accopatough had requested that the Rappahannock allow Fauntleroy to occupy his plantation and other lands. Their testimony was given amid continuing disputes concerning colonial settlement and the interpretation of the original transaction.
Although the 1651 deed recited that Accopatough had received the agreed consideration, later proceedings found no evidence that Fauntleroy had fully paid the Rappahannock. Tribal leaders and councillors spent more than a decade seeking payment through colonial courts but never received the full amount promised for this and other land transfers.
In July 1660, the colonial governor directed the Lancaster County Court to investigate the Rappahannocks' complaint against Fauntleroy. The court reported that it could find no proof of payment. In March 1661, the Virginia General Assembly ordered Fauntleroy to deliver thirty matchcoats to the Rappahannock, including one decorated with copper lace for their weroance. When he continued to resist, the assembly again ordered payment, restricted his use of the disputed property to the land he had already cleared, and removed him from his civil and military offices for extorting property from the tribe.
The conveyance signed by Accopatough marked the beginning of a sustained period of Rappahannock land loss. Colonial expansion pushed the Rappahannock inland from the river's northern bank and later toward their traditional hunting territory on its southern side. In 1662 the colonial government formally treated Totuskey Creek as the eastern boundary of the remaining Rappahannock lands, with Cat Point Creek forming the western boundary.
Accopatough is remembered in Rappahannock history as the weroance associated with the tribe's first documented conveyance of land to an English settler. A section of the northern shore of the Rappahannock River in present-day Richmond County, Virginia, is known as Accopatough Beach. The site is near the former Cobham Park Farm and west of Totuskey Creek. During the twentieth century, Rappahannock families used the area for gatherings and collected clay from its eroding riverbank for making pottery.
The 1651 transaction has also been cited in federal legislation concerning the history and eventual federal recognition of the Rappahannock Tribe. Congressional findings identified Accopatough by name as the weroance who signed the tribe's first documented conveyance to an English colonist.
The 2023 Globe Soccer Awards were the 14th edition of the annual Globe Soccer Awards, held on 19 January 2024 at Atlantis, The Palm in Dubai, United Arab Emirates. The ceremony was held in partnership with the Dubai Sports Council and took place alongside the 18th Dubai International Sports Conference.
Norwegian striker Erling Haaland won the Best Men's Player of the Year award, while Spanish midfielder Aitana Bonmatí won the Best Women's Player of the Year award. Cristiano Ronaldo won three individual awards, including the Maradona Award, while Manchester City collected six awards at the ceremony.
The 2023 Globe Soccer Awards used a two-stage voting process combining a global public vote with the assessment of the Globe Soccer Official Jury. The first stage consisted of public voting, through which football fans from around the world voted for nominees in the various award categories. The results of this stage were used to determine the finalists who advanced to the final round of voting.
The final stage combined the public vote with the assessment of the Globe Soccer Official Jury. The jury consisted of prominent figures from international football, including former players, coaches, sporting directors and club officials. Among the members were Francesco Totti, Iker Casillas, Luis Figo, Antonio Conte and Marcello Lippi.
The 2026 Rose of Tralee was the 66th edition of the annual Irish international festival held on 17–18 August 2026. The competition was televised live on RTÉ television. It was the fourth year of co-hosts with Kathryn Thomas joining Dáithí Ó Sé on stage.
The Westmeath Rose, 25-year-old Caoilfhinn Ní Choiligh, was named as the 2026 International Rose of Tralee. This gave Westmeath its second victory at the event in four years, when the 2022 Westmeath Rose Rachel Duffy became the 2022 International Rose of Tralee. Ni Choiligh received praise for highlighting her alopecia condition during her involvement in the event.
The 2024 Youth Sailing World Championships took place on Lake Garda, Italy from 11 to 20 July. It was the 53rd edition of the Youth Sailing World Championships.
The Brown County Courthouse is a courthouse in New Ulm, Minnesota, United States, the county seat of Brown County, Minnesota. It was constructed from 1889 to 1891 and currently serves as the county's courthouse.
Previous to the construction of a formal courthouse the local Turner hall in New Ulm served as an impromptu courtroom with an adjacent jail. Brown County's first courthouse was formally constructed by Julius Berndt in 1865 at the cost of $2,964, the 1865 courthouse was eventually razed in 1889. Berndt later designed the famous Hermann Heights Monument in New Ulm. In 1873 a new brick courthouse was constructed for $10,000 by Anton Zieher and Jenry Spoerhase, the 1873 courthouse was demolished in 1904.
The current courthouse was designed by architects Carl F. Struck of Minneapolis and Henry Hanschen. The courthouse was built by Adolph Casimir Ochs (A.C. Ochs) and the Schapekahn Brothers Construction Company at a cost of $35,000 beginning in 1889 and completed by 1901. The courthouse's architecture is German Renaissance Revival and consisted of a two story brick building with a central pavilion, a square tower, and several peaked gables. A jail and sheriff's office were both added to the courthouse from 1903 to 1904 at a cost of $20,000. The tower was formally removed in 1930, the Justice statue in the tower was moved into a niche which replaced the tower. Eight paintings in the courtroom were provided by local German artist Alexander Schwendinger (1862–1934), an associate of Anton Gag.
Additions were later added to the courthouse including a one story addition by Herman Koop & Sons of New Ulm in 1918 for a further $6,623. Later additions included female restrooms, HVAC, terrazzo flooring, and other modern amenities. In 1944 the entire building was painted in order to blend the various brickwork. Since 1965 the Brown County courthouse has had a further $1.1 million spent on modernizing the building including the addition of new offices, repainting, cleaning, and new windows, among other expenses. The courthouse currently serves Minnesota's 5th Judicial District.
The 2026–27 season is the 125th season in the history of Grazer AK, and the club's third consecutive season in the Austrian Football Bundesliga. In addition to the domestic league, the team is scheduled to participate in the Austrian Cup.
The 1760 Inverkeithing Provostship election was fought between Francis Holburne and Robert Haldane for the position of Provost of the town council of Inverkeithing in Fife, Scotland.
The election is notable for intimidation and bribery preceding the victory of Holburne; successful legal action by Haldane in the Court of Session for a repeat election; Holburne's unsuccessful appeal in the House of Lords; and the subsequent re-election nonetheless of Holburne in the repeat election of 1761.
Francis Holburne was a Royal Navy Admiral, and had been born and educated in Inverkeithing. According to Steven (1938), 'he looked upon [the Provostship of Inverkeithing] as his natale solium'. Robert Haldane was a captain, also contesting for the position.
Holburne's campaign against Haldane was hampered by his duties at Portsmouth. Lord Cathcart wrote in support of his candidature on 14 Sept. 1760: "The Admiral ... is a very worthy and serviceable man, and his station in the navy together with his good disposition ought to make him an agreeable representative and a useful one to those burghs, who are so much connected with seafaring people."
During the election campaign, Holburne brought in armed press gangs and entered a trades meeting with drawn sword. Furthermore, objections were taken by the town council to a number of voters on the plea they had had been bribed.
Haldane successfully brought an action before the court of session for reduction of the Inverkeithing election and a repeat election to be held. Holburne appealed this at the House of Lords, however his appeal was rejected on 11th February, 1761. He wrote at the time: "it is a cursed thing to be brought to this and such an expense".
Holburne would go on to gain patronage of Bute, serving as a member of Parliament and later as the governor of Greenwich Hospital before his death in July 1771.
200 Soup Cans, also known as 200 Campbell's Soup Cans, is a 1962 painting by American artist Andy Warhol. The painting is Warhol's largest Campbell's soup can work and is among his most significant early works. It depicts 200 images of Campbell's soup cans arranged in a 20-by-10 grid. The repeated cans were created through a combination of mechanical and hand-applied processes, reflecting Warhol's increasing interest in serial production
During the 1950s, Andy Warhol established himself in New York as a successful commercial artist, particularly through his advertising work and illustrations of women's footwear. By 1961, he had begun transitioning toward fine art, producing paintings based on comic strips and newspaper advertisements. After his early comic-based works drew comparisons with artist Roy Lichtenstein, Warhol sought a more distinctive direction within the emerging Pop art movement. Warhol sought ideas from friends, including curator Henry Geldzahler, who encouraged him to paint ordinary, commercially available objects that people encountered in everyday life. Another friend, art dealer Muriel Latow, suggested money as a subject, prompting Warhol to explore Campbell's soup cans, dollar bills alongside Coca-Cola bottles, and movie stars.
Warhol began painting Campbell's soup cans in late 1961 at his home studio at 1342 Lexington Avenue in New York. The subject offered a readily recognizable commercial image that could be repeated in different sizes, arrangements, and formats. Rather than treating the soup can as a traditional still-life object, Warhol presented it as a mass-produced consumer product whose familiar packaging could be transformed into fine art through repetition.
By early 1962, Warhol was producing numerous variations of Campbell's soup cans, ranging from individual large-scale cans to compositions containing multiple repeated cans. These included paintings of 100 and 200 cans as well as related still lifes.
The painting was made during a transitional period in Warhol's practice as he sought to find ways around painting or drawing with his hands. He experimented with stenciling and rubber stamp techniques before beginning silkscreening became his principal method for producing serial images. This reduced manual irregularities, leaving only mechanical variations such as ink buildup or slight misalignments.
Measuring approximately 72 x 100¼ inches (182.9 x 254.6 cm), 200 Soup Cans is the largest of Warhol's soup ca paintings. It consists of 200 depictions of Campbell's soup cans shown frontally and closely spaced in a grid of ten rows and twenty columns. The cans vary in flavor, allowing differences in their labels to emerge within an otherwise repetitive composition.
Art historian David Bourdon wrote that "the repetition resulted in an allover pattern” that encouraged viewers to scan the work as a whole, "almost as if it were an abstraction," because visual activity was evenly distributed across the grid. He argued that the grid suggested "mass production and uniformity" while carrying commercial overtones that Warhol welcomed. Bourdon also saw repetition as a means of distinguishing Warhol's work from Roy Lichtenstein, helping him "get out from under the other artist's lengthening shadow." He described repetition as "a central element of Warhol's aesthetic, and he went on to regiment shipping labels, airmail stamps, dollar bills, and Coca-Cola bottles."
Jonathan Flatley extends this understanding of repetition by focusing on Warhol's use of stamps and stencils to produce images that appeared nearly identical while retaining differences corresponding to the varieties of soup. The resulting repetition shifts the work away from conventional representation: rather than depicting 200 individual soup cans, the painting presents a series of images mechanically derived from the same commercial model. Flatley asserts that this process is better understood as simulation than representation, since each image imitates the appearance of the Campbell's can, making the images similar both to their common model and to one another. He concluded, "As Foucault (optimistically) wrote in the final lines of his short book on Magritte, 'A day will come when, by means of similitude relayed indefinitely along the length of a series, the image itself, along with the name it bears, will lose its identity. Campbell, Campbell, Campbell, Campbell.'"
Art critic Edward Lucie-Smith considered 200 Soup Cans "a truly significant Pop Art picture" because of what it foreshadowed for the future of art. He argued that the work's significance extended beyond its specifically Pop elements, linking it to the established work of Jasper Johns, particularly Johns' Numbers (1964). Lucie-Smith suggested that both works anticipated the Minimal and Conceptual art movements that would challenge Pop later in the 1960s. He also saw Warhol's deliberate choice of a "supremely banal" subject as anticipating the "cynicism and emptiness" of avant-garde art in the late 1980s and early 1990s, particularly in the work of Jeff Koons.
200 Soup Cans was first exhibited at the Sidney Janis Gallery in New York as part of The New Realists: An Exhibition of Factual Painting & Sculpture from October to December 1962. The painting was displayed alongside Warhol's Big Campbell's Soup Can 19¢ (Beef Noodle) and Do It Yourself (Flowers).
200 Soup Cans was subsequently exhibited at the Solomon R. Guggenheim Museum in New York as part of Six Painters and the Object from March to June 1963. The exhibition traveled to the Los Angeles County Museum of Art in Los Angeles (July 24–August 25, 1963), Minneapolis Institute of Arts in Minneapolis (September 3–29, 1963), University of Michigan Museum of Art in Ann Arbor (October 9–November 3, 1963), Rose Art Museum at Brandeis University in Waltham (November 18–December 29, 1963), Carnegie Institute in Pittsburgh (January 17–February 23, 1964), Columbus Gallery of Fine Arts in Columbus (March 8–April 5, 1964), and The Art Center in La Jolla (April 20–May 17, 1964).
The painting has been included in exhibitions of Warhol's work and in presentations of the John and Kimiko Powers collection. It was shown at the Gagosian Gallery's New York exhibition Pop Art: The John and Kimiko Powers Collection in 2001. In 2013, it was exhibited in American Pop Art: From the John and Kimiko Powers Collection at The National Art Center in Tokyo.
The 2025 International Federation of American Football (IFAF) Americas Continental Women's Flag Football Championship will be held from September 12-14 at the Estadio Virgilio Tejeira at Penonomé. The championship brings together the best women's flag football national teams from North and South America.
|IFAF]] embarks on its biggest-ever cycle of global flag football competition in the run up to the 2026 IFAF Men's Flag Football World Championship in Düsseldorf, Germany.
The Continental Championship served as a qualifying pathway for the first time, with the reinforced global competitions structure reflecting flag football's momentum as one of the world's fastest-growing sports.
Elections to Stockport Borough Council were held on Friday, 1 November 1901. One third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. Owing to the extension of the borough's boundaries, two new wards (Reddish North and Reddish South) and an additional seven wards affected by the boundary changes elected all of their councillors.
The 2023 International Federation of American Football (IFAF) Americas Continental Women's Flag Football Championship will be held from July 5-7 at the United States Performance Center (USPC) located at the University of North Carolina at Charlotte, North Carolina (UNCC). The championship brings together the best women’s flag football national teams from North and South America.
|IFAF]] embarks on its biggest-ever cycle of global flag football competition in the run up to the 2024 IFAF Women's Flag Football World Championship in Lahti, Finland.
The Continental Championship served as a qualifying pathway for the first time, with the reinforced global competitions structure reflecting flag football’s momentum as one of the world’s fastest-growing sports.
The 66th CEC Medals ceremony, presented by the Círculo de Escritores Cinematográficos, took place on 31 January 2011 at the Cine Palafox in Madrid. The gala was hosted by Miriam Giovanelli and Rubén Ochandiano.
The 2023 International Federation of American Football (IFAF) Americas Continental Men's Flag Football Championship was held from July 5–7 at the United States Performance Center at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill, Charlotte, North Carolina.
The 2026–27 season is the 115th season in the history of FK Austria Wien, and the club's 82nd consecutive season in the Austrian Football Bundesliga. In addition to the domestic league, the team participated in the Austrian Cup and the UEFA Conference League.
Bahugun Anant Kamat Wagh was an official interpreter who worked under the Portuguese administration in Goa. His family originally belonged to the village of Panvel in Tiswadi. From 1719 to 1751, he was employed as a government translator tasked with translating between Marathi and Portuguese.
Following Maratha attacks on Bardez and Salcete in 1739, Wagh travelled to Rai for diplomatic discussions alongside a delegation that included Vyankati Kamat, Babuli Surthankar, Upi Kamat, Santu Shenvi Dangi, Narayan Prabhu, Minu Shenvi, and Vithoji Dhume.
After the fort of Ponda was taken over by Mughal forces, Wagh was sent with Hire Porob Zvolkar to negotiate directly with the commander of the fort.
He was assigned alongside Vithoji Dhume to negotiate a peace treaty with the Sawant-Bhosales, an agreement that resulted in the Portuguese obtaining control over the province of Bardez and the island of Panelim.
The results were an expected landslide victory to the ruling Cambodian People's Party, where the newly emerged opposition party, Candlelight Party was successful in making small gains and inroads. Whereas FUNCINPEC, failed to receive a single vote.
A sub-decree signed by Prime Minister Hun Sen on 5 January stipulated the number of separate and newly formed city council members in Kandal, Kampong Speu and Kratie for the first mandate. The sub-decree added that for Arey Ksat city in Kandal, there are 19 councillors. Separately, Sampov Poun city in Kandal must have 19 councillors as well. The sub-decree added that for Udong Mechey in Kampong Speu, there must be 17 councillors. Sameakki Mean Chey district, located in Kampong Speu, must have 19 councillors. The sub-decree also stated that the newly established O’Kreang Sen Chey district in Kratie must have 15 councillors.
The party with a simple plurality of votes is given the role of Council He'd, regardless of whether they achieve an absolute majority in obtaining votes or seats. Where in addition to this, the composition of the council is decided using closed listproportional representation, under the d'Hondt method, which the number of council seats determined by the National Election Committee (NEC) was 13.
As this is a city council election, there is no universal suffrage, as only councilors who were directly elected in 2022 will be eligible to vote, thus making this election indirect.
Sok Eysan, the spokesman for the Cambodian People’s Party, believes the election was a massive success for the party. Where Eysan furthermore stated the results were similar to the party’s "successful dominance" of the 2022 commune elections.
Kimsour Phirith, spokesman for the Candlelight Party, stated that some voters from the Candlelight Party chose to vote for other parties in exchange for favours and bribes. Apart from this, Phirith further stated that the Candlelight Party believed that the election process went over without any irregularities.
The 2026 Greek Basketball Super Cup, officially named Stoiximan Super Cup 2026 for sponsorship reasons, will be the 7th edition of the revived Greek professional basketball Super Cup competition, under the auspices of the Hellenic Basketball Clubs Association (HEBA), and the 8th overall. The tournament is scheduled to be played from 26 to 27 September 2026 at the Kallithea Palais des Sports in Rhodes, Greece.
The competition will be played in a final-four format and single elimination games, between the teams placed in the four first places of the 2025–26 Greek Basket League, which include the 2025–26 Greek Basketball Cup winner and finalist.
In astrology, cazimi and combustion are conditions describing the proximity of a classical planet to the Sun in a horoscope. A planet very close to the Sun was traditionally said to be cazimi, or "in the heart of the Sun", and was interpreted as strengthened. At a somewhat greater distance it was considered combust and therefore weakened or obscured by the Sun. A third and less severe condition is known as being under the Sun's beams.
The doctrines developed from the observable disappearance of planets in the Sun's glare near solar conjunction. Their astrological interpretations, however, differ from the astronomical description of planetary visibility.
Lilly also required a combust planet to occupy the same zodiacal sign as the Sun. He considered combustion more severe when the Sun was applying to conjunction with the planet than when it was separating from it.
Earlier sources did not always use the same limits. Some late antique and early medieval authorities allowed an orb of approximately one degree for the condition later called cazimi, whereas Al-Qabisi and several later medieval authors used the narrower limit of about 16 arcminutes. Consequently, the precise classification of a planet may depend on the historical system being followed.
The word cazimi entered medieval Latin astrological terminology from the Arabic expression ka-ṣamīmī, meaning "as if in the heart". It referred to a planet situated in the "heart of the Sun". The corresponding Greek expression, meaning "in the heart", occurs in late antique astrology, and the doctrine was subsequently transmitted through Arabic astrological works into Latin Europe.
Combustion derives from the metaphor of a planet being burned by the Sun. Because a planet near conjunction is normally hidden by sunlight, traditional astrologers treated combustion as an accidental debility. Cazimi constituted an exception: extreme closeness to the Sun was interpreted not as destruction but as a position of honour and power.
Andrew Thomas Stewart, 1st Earl Castle Stewart (29 August 1725 – 26 August 1809) was an Irish peer and politician, who successfully revived his family's long-dormant title in the Peerage of Ireland.
Stewart was the son of Robert Stuart (1700–1742) and Margaret Edwards. Born in Stewartstown, County Tyrone, he was baptised with the surname Stewart-Moore; Moore being the maiden name of his paternal great-grandmother, Anne (Moore) Stewart. He was the senior legitimate male-line descendant of Robert II of Scotland. He was also a descendant of Andrew Stuart, 1st Baron Castle Stuart, who had been granted the title Baron Castle Stuart having resigned the title Lord Ochiltree in 1615.
In 1755, Stewart was appointed High Sheriff of Tyrone. In the 1760s, he began significant improvements to the family's estate, including the construction of a new Georgian-style country house at Stuart Hall, County Tyrone.
In the early 1770s, he began petitioning the Irish Parliament to revive the dormant Castle Stuart peerage, and in 1774 his petition to George III was formally accepted. From this point, Stewart was able to attend the Irish House of Lords as 9th Baron Castle Stuart. In 1790, he claimed collatoral rights to vote as Lord Ochiltree in an election of Scottish representative peers; however, his right to do so was disallowed by the House of Lords Committee for Privileges in 1793. That same year, Stewart was created Viscount Castle Stewart, and on 29 December 1800 he was further honoured with the title Earl Castle Stewart; both creations were in the Peerage of Ireland.
162–165 Piccadilly sometimes called the Norwich Union Building is an Edwardian office block that stands on the corner of Piccadilly and St James's Street in the St James's district of London. It was awarded Grade II listed status in 1972.
The building was constructed between 1907 and 1909 for the Norwich Union. It was intended to house their West End branch along with providing space for shops as well as offices or a gentleman's club to be accommodated in the upper floors. It was designed by Runtz & Ford.
The buildings employ an Edwardian baroque style, with a ground floor of Welsh jasper and upper levels of Pentelic and Cipollino marble. A bronze arrangement of Justice by Hibbert Charles Binney adorns the corner.
The building has been described as uncontrolled in its composition, and criticised for its design. Its decorated facades are inadequately paired with a discipline of arrangement. Francis Sheppard in the Survey of London would particularly particularly scathing, writing that its design "completely travesties the late Baroque manner of [Richard Norman Shaw]".
On 10 November 1999, an ALIANSA Colombia Douglas DC-3C, registered HK-2581, was operating a cargo flight from Putumayo Airport to La Vanguardia Airport in Villavicencio, Colombia. The aircraft departed Putumayo at approximately 06:40 local time.
During the flight, the crew reported their position while climbing through 7,500 feet toward an assigned altitude of 11,500 feet. The final radio transmission was made at about 07:20, when the aircraft was reported to be passing the VOR near Florencia, Caquetá, at 11,500 feet. The crew subsequently failed to make the expected radio report, and the aircraft was reported missing.
The aircraft was later located in the vicinity of La Montañita, Caquetá. The wreckage was distributed over approximately 7.2 km across an area of tropical savanna, indicating that the aircraft had broken apart while airborne. The investigation concluded that the aircraft had suffered a high-altitude in-flight breakup and was destroyed. All five people aboard were killed.
The accident was investigated by Aerocivil. Investigators considered several possible scenarios but found insufficient evidence to establish a definitive cause. Weather was regarded as the possibility most consistent with the available circumstances, but the investigation found no conclusive evidence linking weather conditions to the breakup. The official cause was therefore classified as “undetermined”.
Aspandiar Hormusji Irani (born 8 October 1911 – disappeared 23 November 1986), better known as Aspi Irani, was an Indian director who became active in Hindi cinema in 1935. He was known for directing primarily B-grade action films and fantasies. One of his most successful films was Shirin Farhad (1956), a romantic drama which starred Madhubala and Pradeep Kumar as the eponymous lovers.
His other notable films included Return of Toofan Mail (1942), Caravan (1944), Pujari (1946), Sipahiya (1949), Qaidi No. 911 (1959), Nishan (1965), and Garam Masala (1972). Irani had a pivotal role in providing early opportunities to newcomers Shammi Kapoor and Sanjeev Kumar, whom he directed in Gul Sanobar (1953) and Nishan (1965), respectively.
The 1950 Modena Grand Prix was a Formula Two motor race held on 7 May 1950 to inaugurate the Aerautodromo di Modena, Italy. Raced in front of 50,000 spectators, the 304 km race was won by Italian driver Alberto Ascari in a Ferrari 166 F2/50. Ascari also set the fastest lap and started from pole position.
After the severe accident at the 8th Circuito Automobilistico di Modena on 28 September 1947, when Giovanni Bracco's Delage 3000 crashed into the crowd at 130 km/h, killing 5 spectators and injuring 19, street racing in the city was brought to an end. It was then decided to build a modern racetrack, similar to the Indianapolis Motor Speedway (where spectators could watch the entire race), to serve the hometown automakers Ferrari, Maserati, and Stanguellini.
Construction of the track, which would also serve as an airport (later inaugurated on 12 December), began on 28 March 1949. On 7 May, the aerodrome was officially inaugurated by the Minister of the Merchant Navy, Alberto Simonini, alongside other civil, military, and religious authorities.
The public was eager to see the duel between Juan Manuel Fangio and Ascari. Ascari was driving a new Ferrari 166 F2/50 featuring a De Dion tube rear suspension and a rounded nose, while the Argentine was equipped with an older model.
The Grand Prix started at 15:50 under the rain. Dorino Serafini made the best start, taking the lead, but was quickly overtaken by Ascari, followed by Fangio in third. A few laps later, El Chueco regained second position, but on lap 19 he was forced to retire due to an engine connecting rod failure. Ascari won the race at an average speed of 108.875 km/h, followed by Mario Tadini two laps down. Piero Carini in an OSCA finished third, after a long battle with Sergio Sighinolfi's Stanguellini (who later retired on lap 29).
Bishop's Buffet, originally known as Bishop's Cafeteria, was an American chain of cafeteria-style restaurants in the Midwestern United States. Benjamin Franklin Bishop opened the first restaurant in Waterloo, Iowa, in 1920. The business grew to more than 30 restaurants in seven states and had 35 locations by the mid-1980s. Kmart bought Bishop's in 1983 and later sold it with Furr's Cafeterias. A remaining Bishop's at SouthPark Mall in Moline, Illinois, closed in June 2012.
Bishop established the first Bishop's Cafeteria in Waterloo in 1920. The chain reached Sioux City, Iowa, in 1925, when a 200-seat restaurant opened at 516 Pierce Street. It moved to the larger Commerce Building in 1930, and another Sioux City branch opened at Southern Hills Mall in 1980. The downtown Sioux City restaurant closed in 1984; Bishop Buffets president Edward C. Bartz said that replacing its worn equipment would not justify the investment. At the time, the company operated more than 30 restaurants across a seven-state region.
Kmart acquired the Iowa-based chain for $28 million in 1983. It operated Bishop's separately from Furr's, another cafeteria chain that Kmart owned. By November 1986, Kmart had 35 Bishop's restaurants in the Midwest and 133 Furr's restaurants elsewhere in the United States. Kmart agreed that month to sell the two chains to Cavalcade Holdings for $237.5 million, and completed the sale in January 1988. The new owner organized them as Furr's/Bishop's Cafeterias L.P.; the partnership became a corporation in 1991 and was renamed Furr's Restaurant Group in 2000.
The number of Bishop's restaurants declined as the combined company closed less productive locations. The Sioux City mall restaurant closed in 1997 with 43 employees. By 2001, six Bishop's restaurants remained in Iowa and Illinois as part of a 92-restaurant Furr's group. The SouthPark Mall restaurant in Moline closed on June 18, 2012.
Bishop's used a cafeteria line where customers viewed and selected displayed dishes rather than ordering from printed menus, while staff provided service in the dining room. The chain served American comfort food, and its desserts became especially associated with the brand. Retrospective coverage of the Sioux City restaurants highlighted custard, chocolate silk pie, corn fritters, and chocolate ambrosia pie.
The 1927–28 Cleveland Rosenblums season was both the Rosenblums' third season of existence as a professional franchise (after previously playing by as early as 1919 in an independent basis under the Rosenblum Credits name) and the third season of existence for the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. For the first season ever in the league's history (and the only time in its inaugural period of existence), the ABL would abandon its split season formatting to have one whole regular season of play, with the eight teams there competing in two divisions of four teams each (with Cleveland competing in the Western Division, while teams such as the Original Celtics (labeled as the New York (Original) Celtics during this season) and the Philadelphia Warriors competed in the Eastern Division this season). While the Eastern Division was described as something more like a bloodbath to those that had witnessed the season at hand (to the point where the Washington Palace Five (/ Laundrymen) team would end up having their franchise rights be moved out and swapped around with the Brooklyn Visitations by what would unofficially be considered the start of the second half of the season on January 3, 1928 until the end of that franchise's existence (pretty much)), the Western Division was seen as more like a joke who’s two best teams were already decided by the halfway point of the season due to the Detroit Cardinals / Olympians folding operations on January 3, 1928 as well following a doubleheader series victory they had, as well as the Chicago Bruins holding the worst record of the surviving teams left in the Western Division throughout this season. Because of that fact, despite the struggles that the Rosenblums had throughout this season (to the point where this would reasonably be considered their worst season of play in terms of professional basketball seasons completed), the Cleveland squad owned by Max Rosenblum would still end up finishing with a second place spot in the Western Division behind the Fort Wayne Hoosiers, with the new regular season and playoff format that was held during this season giving the Rosenblums a fair chance to compete for the ABL championship once again for a third straight season. Unfortunately for the Rosenblums, their weaknesses as a team would be far too much to overcome as a whole this season, as they would end up being swept 2–0 by the Hoosiers in the Western Division Playoff. However, despite their failing status at the end of the season, the offseason period following this one amidst concerns revolving the now two-time defending ABL champion Original Celtics would cause great changes for the Rosenblums team that would result in greater ramifications for not just them, but also the ABL in the long-term as well.
Note: Soup Campbell, Eddie Dolin, Vic Hanson, Whitey Littell, Pug Mahoney, and Joey Sheehan would not be a part of the team's playoff roster for this season.
For the first time in the ABL's history (and the only time during their initial run when attempting to be a national league instead of a regional league), the ABL would utilize a regular playoff format of sorts where the two best teams of each division would go up against each other before the winning team from each division would go up against each other in the championship series.
The 13th Main Directorate of Military Counterintelligence is a special-purpose formation of the Security Service of Ukraine (SBU). It forms part of the SBU's Military Counterintelligence Department and is associated with the development and operational use of Ukrainian maritime unmanned systems, including the Sea Baby, Mamai and Sub Sea Baby families.
The 13th Main Directorate of Military Counterintelligence played a leadership to the SBU's campaign against Russian naval forces and military infrastructure during the Russian invasion of Ukraine.
The directorate is subordinate to the SBU's Military Counterintelligence Department, the body responsible for counterintelligence support to the Armed Forces of Ukraine and other military formations. Public descriptions characterize the 13th Main Directorate as a special-purpose unit, although the Ukrainian government has not published a detailed account of its statutory responsibilities or command structure.
The precise date on which the 13th Main Directorate was formed has not been made public. Its emergence was connected to Ukraine's accelerated development of long-range unmanned surface vessels after the beginning of Russia's full-scale invasion in February 2022.
SBU Brigadier General Ivan Lukashevych initiated experiments with maritime drones in the spring of 2022. Early prototypes were assembled from commercially available components and tested under wartime conditions. The program was developed with assistance from Ukrainian military personnel, engineers and private-sector specialists.
On 29 October 2022, Ukrainian unmanned surface vessels and aerial drones attacked vessels of the Russian Black Sea Fleet at Sevastopol. The operation was one of the earliest large-scale demonstrations of Ukraine's maritime-drone capability. Russian authorities acknowledged that the naval base had been attacked but disputed Ukrainian accounts of the damage.
The attack demonstrated that relatively inexpensive unmanned craft could penetrate the defenses of a major naval base and threaten larger warships.Public contemporary accounts generally attributed the operation to Ukrainian forces or the SBU as a whole, rather than specifically naming the 13th Main Directorate.
In August 2023, the Russian naval base at Novorossiysk was attacked by unmanned surface vessels. The Russian landing ship Olenegorsky Gornyak was seriously damaged, and the tanker Sig was damaged in a separate attack near the Kerch Strait.
On 17 July 2023, an explosion damaged the Crimean Bridge, which links the Taman Peninsula in Russia with Russian-occupied Crimea. Ukrainian sources subsequently attributed the attack to the SBU and the Ukrainian Navy, using maritime drones later publicly identified as Sea Baby. Russian authorities reported that two civilians were killed.
The SBU later released images and technical information about the Sea Baby. The craft was described as a multipurpose platform capable of carrying an explosive charge or other payloads, rather than solely as a one-way attack vehicle. SBU chief Vasyl Maliuk said the drones were developed by the service without the involvement of private companies.
The Mamai, another SBU unmanned surface vessel, was publicly associated with the attacks on Olenegorsky Gornyak and Sig. The craft was designed for long-range, high-speed missions and differed in configuration from the Sea Baby.
In March 2024, the SBU displayed a revised version of the Sea Baby, funded in part through the Ukrainian government fundraising platform United24. The upgraded craft was reported to have a range of approximately 1,000 km (620 mi), an explosive payload approaching one tonne and improved communications and seaworthiness.
In October 2025, the SBU presented a new generation of Sea Baby drones, including one equipped with a stabilized heavy machine-gun mount and another carrying a ten-tube launcher derived from the BM-21 Grad rocket system.
During the presentation, Brigadier General Ivan Lukashevych was publicly identified as the head of the 13th Main Directorate of the SBU's Military Counterintelligence Department. He said the newer drones had increased range, payload capacity and resistance to electronic warfare.
On 15 December 2025, the SBU announced that Sub Sea Baby underwater drones had attacked a Russian Kilo-class submarine at Novorossiysk. The operation was conducted jointly by the 13th Main Directorate and the Ukrainian Navy, according to the SBU.
Ukraine said that the attack had disabled a Project 636.3 submarine capable of launching Kalibr cruise missiles. Russia denied that the submarine or the naval base had sustained damage. Reuters verified the location of footage showing an explosion at the port but was unable to independently establish the condition of the submarine.
The 13th Main Directorate is part of the SBU's Military Counterintelligence Department. Its internal structure, personnel strength, bases and subordinate elements have not been officially disclosed.
Brigadier General Ivan Lukashevych was publicly identified as the directorate's head in 2025. Earlier reporting had described Lukashevych as one of the principal organizers of the SBU's maritime-drone program and credited him with initiating early drone-boat experiments in 2022.
Sea Baby is a family of modular unmanned surface vessels developed by the SBU. Depending on the version, it can carry an explosive charge, remotely operated weapons, rockets or other payloads. Later models were reported to have a range of approximately 1,000 km (620 mi) and a payload of up to about one ton.
Mamai is a high-speed, long-range unmanned surface vessel associated with attacks on Russian naval and commercial support vessels. It was reported to have been used against the landing ship Olenegorsky Gornyak and the tanker Sig in 2023.
Sub Sea Baby is an unmanned underwater vehicle developed for attacks against submerged or protected naval targets. Its first publicly claimed operational use was the December 2025 attack on a Russian submarine at Novorossiysk.
The SBU's maritime drones use satellite or radio communications, sensors and autonomous or semi-autonomous navigation. Because Russia has deployed electronic-warfare systems, barriers, patrol aircraft and other defenses against drone boats, Ukrainian developers have repeatedly modified the vehicles' communications, navigation, payloads and tactics.
The 2026–27 season is Dhaka Wanderers Club's 89th season in existence and 2nd season in the Bangladesh Football League. It also marks the club's return to top-flight football following their relegation from the 2005 Dhaka Premier Division League. In addition to the domestic league, Wanderers is participating in this season's edition of the Federation Cup. The season covered the period from 1 June 2024 to 31 May 2025.
11 December – Ferdinand I signs the Law regarding the Union of Transylvania, Banat, Crișana, the Satmar and Maramureș with the Kingdom of Romania, completing the Union of Transylvania with Romania.
Atlantic Ridge Preserve State Park is a Florida state park in Martin County, located near Stuart between U.S. Route 1 and the South Fork of the St. Lucie River. The 4,886 acres (1,977 ha) preserve is administered as a satellite of Jonathan Dickinson State Park and has limited public access, with a gate code required for entry.
The State of Florida Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) acquired the park on November 4, 1998, under the Conservation and Recreation Lands (CARL) program. Prior to state acquisition, the land was used as a cattle ranch.
The land slopes westward from U.S. 1 toward the river, going from hydric hammock through wet flatwoods to wet prairie. Sabal palm and live oak dominate the canopy over an understory of saw palmetto, wax myrtle, and wild coffee. The preserve is a habitat for eight protected plant species and fifteen protected animal species, among them the Florida sandhill crane, wood stork, and bald eagle. Visitors can participate in activities such as hiking, bicycling, horseback riding, and birding.
The 2002 Kansas Attorney General election was held on November 5, 2002, to elect the Kansas Attorney General. Incumbent Republican Carla Stovall chose not to run for a third term, instead running for the Republican nomination for Governor of Kansas and later dropping out. Republican former Kansas state representative Phill Kline won the election, defeating Democratic attorney Chris Biggs by a narrow margin of just 0.52 percentage points.
There was a church in Holme-on-Spalding-Moor at the time of the Domesday Book. The current church was built in the 13th century. The tower was heightened in the 15th century and a clerestory was constructed. A gallery was added to the nave in 1767, and a porch was added around this time. In 1842 the church was repaired and the pews replaced. Between 1906 and 1911, the church was restored by Temple Moore. The building was grade I listed in 1966.
The church is built of limestone and sandstone, and some brick, and has roofs of lead and pantile. It consists of a nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, a south porch, a chancel with a north chapel, and a west tower embraced by the aisles. The tower has three stages, diagonal stepped buttresses rising to pinnacles, and a pointed west doorway with a three-light pointed window above. Over this are string courses, a niche with a canopy containing a statue, two-light bell openings, gargoyles, and an openwork parapet with eight crocketed pinnacles. Inside, there is a 17th-century pulpit, and the north chapel has a Perpendicular Gothic screen.
The 2026 Peru Cup season (Spanish: Copa Perú 2026), the largest amateur tournament of Peruvian football. The District Stage (Spanish: Ligas Distritales) started in February - March, and the National Stage (Spanish: Etapa Nacional) started in September.
Iglesias was born on 8 August 1995. Raised in Rancagua, in the O'Higgins Region, he studied civil engineering at the Pontifical Catholic University of Chile, where he also earned a master's degree in engineering sciences. His is the first generation in his family to attend university.
In 2024, he was elected mayor of Independencia with 45.09% of the vote, ending 12 years of leftist dominance in the municipality. He took office on 6 December 2024. His confrontational style in dealing with criminals and those committing acts of incivility, along with his social media presence, has marked him as the originator of a style that subsequently gained popularity among various mayors.
Benjamin Sally "Ben" Polak (12 September 1913 – 24 July 1993) was a Dutch medical doctor and politician. A member of the Communist Party of the Netherlands (CPN), he served as alderman of Amsterdam from 1946 until being forced to resign in 1948, and as a member of the Dutch Senate from 1956 to 1960. Polak was temporarily expelled from the CPN in 1953 due to him questioning the Doctors' Plot, but was let back into the party the same year after the supposed plot was proven false. He was also a practicing physician, who became a professor of medicine at the University of Amsterdam in 1977.
Ben Polak was born on 12 September 1913 in Nijmegen to Mozes Samson Polak, an Orthodox Jewish cantor, and Goldina van der Hove, a socialist. His father died when he was 12, and the family moved to The Hague, where his mother raised him in a more liberal manner and where he attended secondary school. In 1932, Polak began studying medicine at Leiden University, where he became involved in the Zionist student movement. That same year, he joined the Communist Party Holland (from 1935 known as the Communist Party of the Netherlands; CPN), along with the left wing of the local Zionist student organisation. In 1939 he took his doctor's exam and began attending the University of Amsterdam.
During World War II, Polak became a part of the Dutch resistance, joining a sabotage group and assisting people in hiding. Several important resistance groups including the illegal CPN leadership met at his house in the Rivierenbuurt, and a leftist illegal newspaper was produced there. Polak graduated as a medical doctor from the University of Amsterdam on 9 July 1941, the last Jewish person to do so for the duration of the war. His marriage to a non-Jewish woman allowed him more freedom than other Jews had, and despite only being allowed to treat Jewish patients he regularly helped resistance members and people in hiding.
In 1943, Polak was arrested after encouraging a Jewish woman he had treated to flee, and was imprisoned in the Hollandsche Schouwburg where he was allowed to treat people. After a daring escape through a window in the roof, he spent the rest of the war in hiding.
After the war, Polak resumed his medical practice and became a member of the Amsterdam municipal council in November 1945. Following a CPN victory in the 1946 local elections, he became an alderman, responsible for municipal companies. Around the 1948 Czechoslovak coup d'état, the CPN in Amsterdam, with Polak as one of its leadership, had spread pamphlets on 11 March 1948 for the establishment of "welfare committees" as part of a public campaign to protest the Marshall plan and the economic policy of the First Beel cabinet, which was seen as the prelude a communist coup d'état by other parties. Although a declaration the next day by Leen Seegers, the other CPN alderman, was able to mollify mayor Arnold d'Ailly who stuck to condemning the communists, others saw the reaction as too weak. Following a CPN campaign urging the Labour Party (PvdA) to follow the example of the Czechoslovak socialists instead of their current "reactionary" stance, a vote of no-confidence in Polak and Seegers was passed on 24 March, although both kept their seats, claiming the Amsterdam municipal council had no legal standing to remove them. Minister of Internal Affairs Petrus Johannes Witteman then led efforts to change legislation on municipal government, allowing municipal councils to fire aldermen, which was passed in July 1948. Polak was subsequently fired as alderman on 22 September 1948. Looking back in later years, Polak admitted that while he had enjoyed his work as alderman, he had not been able to change much, criticising the CPN's participation in local government as "reformist nonsense".
Concerns within CPN leadership had existed for years after World War II over Polak's critical stance towards the party's "authoritarian" leadership and his first and third wife Pim Eldering's editorship of De Vrije Katheder, an independent leftist publication that published non-communist perspective, and who was expelled from the CPN in 1950. In early 1953, Polak had confessed his doubts about the Doctors' Plot to Esther Teeboom, a CPN colleague in the North Holland provincial council, who subsequently reported the conversation to Paul de Groot. On 3 March, Polak was ordered to appear before the CPN district leadership in Amsterdam, where he was interrogated about his connections to figures who had come into disrepute within the CPN, such as Daan Goulooze and Jan Romein. At an emergency meeting after the announcement of the death of Joseph Stalin on 6 March, the leadership of the CPN resolved to expel Polak from the party and force him to resign his political positions.
In an article in De Waarheid the next day, Polak was accused of "devious scheming" and of attempting to turn several Jewish party members against the party and the Soviet Union by spreading doubts about the veracity of the doctors' plot. On 10 March, Polak resigned from the Amsterdam municipal council and North Holland provincial council. CPN patients were asked to switch doctors, though some, such as CPN MP Henk Gortzak, refused to do so.
When after the death of Stalin the new Soviet government retracted its claims regarding the doctors' plot, the CPN was forced to revisit its previous decision, and Polak was rehabilitated and let back into the party in November 1953, with the leadership admitting that there had been no "traitorous behaviour" on the part of Polak. Polak was simultaneously forced to recognise that he had made "grave political errors" as a condition for his return.
In 1956, Polak became a member of the Senate for the CPN on the suggestion of Gerben Wagenaar and Henk Gortzak. As a senator, he focused primarily on justice, social affairs, health, defence, and education. In 1960, he left the Senate, after which the CPN refused to pick up his party contribution, effectively sidelining Polak politically, though he would remain a communist for the rest of his life.
After his retirement from active politics, Polak began to focus on his medical practice. From 1959 to 1972, Polak operated a doctor's office at the Tweede Constantijn Huygensstraat 72, where he became known as a "fashion doctor" due to the many celebrities that he treated, though his patients came from all ranks of society. He became known as a progressive minded doctor, who performed controversial medical procedures including abortion and euthanasia. He paid special attention to survivors of World War II, helping them get social benefits and participating in several commissions to advance their interests in the 1980s.
Polak also became active academically, helping found an institute for educating general practitioners at the University of Amsterdam in 1969 and serving as an academic employee there until 1970, when he became an assistant professor (lector). In 1977, he became a full professor (hoogleraar) which he would remain until his retirement in 1984. Polak additionally participated in the leadership of a wide range of medical associations, including the Medical Committee North Vietnam from 1978 to 1988, the Royal Dutch Medical Association from 1976 to 1982, and the Vereniging tegen de Kwakzalverij. He served as chairman of the board of trustees of the newspaper Vrij Nederland from 1978 to 1988.
Ben Polak was married four times to three different women, and had a reputation as a womanizer. In 1940, he married Petra "Pim" Eldering, the daughter of a Remonstrant preacher and a fellow CPN member, with whom he had two sons in 1940 and 1942. In 1947, the two divorced, and Polak married Letty Bronzing, but at the request of his sons Polak remarried Eldering in 1950. He divorced Eldering a second time in 1969, after which he married Mireille Smit in 1977.
The 2026 Men's African Nations Volleyball Championship will be the 25th edition of the Men's African Nations Volleyball Championship, a biennial international volleyball tournament organised by the African Volleyball Confederation. The tournament will be held in Tunisia from 15 to 25 September 2026.
The winner qualifies for the Volleyball tournament at the 2028 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles. The top three teams of the tournament qualified for the 2027 FIVB Men's Volleyball World Cup in Poland.
On 29 December 2025, the African Volleyball Confederation announced that the 25th edition of the Men's African Nations Volleyball Championship would be held in Kinshasa, DR of Congo from 5 to 15 September 2026.
On 16 August 2026, the Tunisian Volleyball Federation announced, based on the decision of the Executive Committee of the African Volleyball Confederation that the tournament would be moved to Tunisia due to the Ebola outbreak in DR Congo, and the tournament dates were changed from 15 to 25 September 2026. This is the seventh time that Tunisia has hosted the tournament.
The 2026 Calypso 100 was an ARCA Menards Series race held on Sunday, August 23, 2026, at the Illinois State Fairgrounds Racetrack in Springfield, Illinois. Contested over 100 laps on the 1 mile (1.6 km) dirt oval, it was the 15th race of the 2026 ARCA Menards Series season, and the 44th running of the event.
In a controversial finish, Max Reaves, driving for Joe Gibbs Racing, made an aggressive move on Gavan Boschele with three laps to go, spinning him out from the lead, and taking the victory to earn his sixth career ARCA Menards Series win, and his third of the season. Reaves also dominated the race, leading all but two laps after starting from the pole. Isaac Kitzmiller finished second, and Thomas Annunziata finished third. Taylor Reimer and Boschele rounded out the top five, while Jake Bollman, Kelly Kovski, Isabella Robusto, Tim Monroe, and Jason Kitzmiller rounded out the top ten.
The Illinois State Fairgrounds Racetrack is a one mile long clay oval motor racetrack on the Illinois State Fairgrounds in Springfield, the state capital. It is frequently nicknamed The Springfield Mile. Constructed in the late 19th century and reconstructed in 1927, the track has hosted competitive auto racing since 1910, making it one of the oldest speedways in the United States. The original mile track utilized the current frontstretch and the other side was behind the current grandstands and the straightaways were connected by tight turns. It is the oldest track to continually host national championship dirt track racing, holding its first national championship race in 1934 under the American Automobile Association banner. It is the home of five world records for automobile racing, making it one of the fastest dirt tracks in the world. Since 1993, the venue is managed by Bob Sargent's Track Enterprises.
The Illinois State Fair mile currently hosts the ARCA Menards Series' Calypso 100 stock car race, USAC Silver Crown dirt cars, UMP Late Models and Modifieds and the A.M.A. Grand National Championship. The only driver who has won races in three disciplines of racing in Ken Schrader who won in ARCA cars (1998), UMP Modifieds (1998), and midgets.
Max Reaves, driving for Joe Gibbs Racing, set the fastest time in the session, with a lap of 34.626 seconds, and a speed of 103.968 miles per hour (167.320 km/h).
Qualifying was held on Sunday, August 23, at 11:15 AM CST. The qualifying procedure used is was single-car, one-lap based system. Drivers were on track by themselves and had one lap to post a qualifying time, and whoever set the fastest time won the pole.
Max Reaves, driving for Joe Gibbs Racing, qualified on pole position with a lap of 33.999 seconds, and a speed of 105.885 miles per hour (170.405 km/h).
The Artificers Going Abroad Act 1824 (5 Geo. 4. c. 97) was an act of the Parliament of the United Kingdom that repealed the enactments prohibiting skilled artificers and workmen from emigrating from the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland.
Section 1 of the act further repealed every other law, statute or enactment relative to the same subjects, or any of them, whether in force throughout or in any part of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland, save and except in as far as the same may have repealed any prior act or enactment.
The whole act was repealed by section 1 of, and the schedule to, the Statute Law Revision Act 1873 (36 & 37 Vict. c. 91), which came into force on 5 August 1873.
The 2026–27 FA Women's National League is the 36th season of the FA Women's National League, and the eighth since a restructure and rebranding of the top four tiers of English football. It sits at the third and fourth levels of the women's football pyramid, below the Women's Super League 2 and above the eight regional football leagues.
The league features six regional divisions: the Northern and Southern Premier divisions at level three of the pyramid, and Division One North, Midlands, South East, and South West at the fourth level. The league consists of 72 teams, divided into six divisions of 12 each.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 4 May 1972. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
Anji Ikehata (池端 杏慈（いけはた あんじ）, Ikehata Anji; born September 8, 2007) is a Japanese model and actress. She made her debut in the entertainment industry after winning the nationwide teen model magazine open audition during junior high school, and signed as an exclusive model. She then transitioned into acting, her most notable roles to date include Yano-kun's Ordinary Days and Brothers in Arms.
In 2021, Ikehata won the Grand Prix at the 25th Nicola Model Audition and became an exclusive model for the teen fashion magazine, Nicola. This was the first time in three years that a junior high school student was able to pass the nationwide open audition.
In 2022, Ikehata reached three milestones early in her career: She made her television debut in the seventh episode of the 2022 drama Old Rookie, which aired on August 14. She also appeared on the cover of the October issue of Nicola for the first time. Additionally, she made her voice acting debut in the animated film Lonely Castle in the Mirror, released on December 23.
In April 2023, she was selected to co-star with Sho Nishigaki in the Pocari Sweat commercial—widely seen as a stepping stone for young actresses. The ad has helped launch the careers of many prominent actresses, including Rie Miyazawa, Haruka Ayase, Haruna Kawaguchi, and Ayami Nakajo. Notably, she became the first actress to play a double lead role in the campaign.
On May 6, 2024, she did not renew her exclusive modeling contract with Nicola and thus left the magazine, to focus more on her acting career. In the same year, she made her film debut as the lead in the movie Yano-kun's Ordinary Days, released on November 15.
On March 19, 2025, it was announced that Ikehata would be the 15th CM girl for the wedding information magazine "Zexy". In October of the same year, it was decided that she would be the 21st "support manager" for the All Japan JFA 104th High School Soccer Tournament held on December 28, 2025 to January 12, 2026.
Andrew Vsevolod Von Sonn (November 5, 1940 – October 9, 2015) was an American professional football linebacker who played for the Los Angeles Rams of the National Football League (NFL). He played college football for the UCLA Bruins and was selected by the Chicago Bears in the 14th round of the 1962 NFL draft.
Von Sonn enrolled at the University of California, Los Angeles to play college football for the Bruins. He was on the freshman team in 1958. In 1959, he competed for a tackle spot on the varsity team but did not end up earning a letter. Von Sonn was a three-year lettermen from 1960 to 1962 as a center on offense and a linebacker on defense. He became the starting center in 1962 after Ron Hull graduated. Von Sonn was captain of the 1962 Bruins and earned first-team All-Athletic Association of Western Universities honors. At the conclusion of his college career, he played in the 1963 Hula Bowl.
In December 1961, Von Sonn was selected by the Chicago Bears in the 14th round, with the 189th overall pick, of the 1962 NFL draft and by the Denver Broncos in the 27th round, with the 210th overall pick, of the 1962 AFL draft. He signed with the Bears on May 5, 1963. He was waived before the start of regular season.
On September 9, 1963, Von Sonn was claimed off waivers by the Los Angeles Rams and placed on the team's taxi squad, where he spent the entire 1963 season. He played in all 14 games, starting five, for the Rams in 1964 and posted one sack. He was released on August 31, 1965, after the third (of five) preseason games.
Von Sonn played for the Huntsville Rockets of the North American Football League in 1965. On September 22, 1965, he signed with the Atlanta Falcons for the team's inaugural 1966 season. He was released on August 11, 1966, after the second (of five) preseason games. Von Sonn finished his pro football career with the Hartford Charter Oaks of the Continental Football League in 1966.
Von Sonn graduated from the UCLA School of Law in 1970. He wrote a comic book called Cops 'N Dopers. He was a medical marijuana advocate. Von Sonn died on October 9, 2015, in Maui.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 13 May 1971. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Conservative Party lost overall control of the council.
2026 Punjab recruitment exam scandal refers to the paper leaks happened in Punjab, India, in a recruitment exam of Government of Punjab in July 2026. The exam was held in Baba Farid University of Health Sciences, Faridkot, Punjab, India.
On 19 July 2026, the public government-based examination for recruitment of 454 Pharmacy officers was conducted by Baba Farid University of Health Sciences, Faridkot was held across 25 examination centres, in which as per the official data, 7000 candidates attempted for the examination. But around 11:10 AM (IST) (10 minutes into the test), a candidate inside a Ferozepur exam hall used a hidden pen camera to photograph the question paper and sent images to accomplices via WhatsApp. From where, the images were forwarded to a temporary "control room" set up in Faridkot, where solved answers were dictated. Operatives dictated answers directly back to candidates sitting in exam halls using micro Bluetooth earpieces and hidden battery-operated devices. The gang charged candidates between ₹3.5 lakh and ₹13 lakh for guaranteed passing marks, taking post-dated cheques as security.
Following the paper leak and busting operation in around examination centres across the state, in places such as Kotkapura and Ferozepur, Punjab Police immediately registered the formal criminal case. During the ongoing investigation, police arrested 25 candidates along with 10 main accused, 25 candidates and 8 handlers, making the total arrested people to 43. Among the handlers arrested, five are from Punjab and three are from Haryana and Rajasthan.
The petition filed by Keshav Kamboj and others, seeking the cancellation of the written examination to fill pharmacy officers posts under the department of health and family welfare in Punjab on July 19 in Punjab and Haryana High Court, on which High Court stopped the recruitment process until September 17 for further investigation process.
The major opposition parties in the state such as Indian National Congress, Bharatiya Janata Party and Shiromani Akali Dal protested against the AAP government and demanded resignation from Education Minister and accountability along with action from the Chief Minister Bhagwant Mann.
Meanwhile Chief Minister Mann denied all allegations of paper leak happened under AAP Government in Punjab, terming all as a BJP and Congress conspiracy to overturn the government or take the advantage for upcoming 2027 Punjab election.
10, 12 and 14 Lendal form a Grade II* listed terrace on Lendal in the city of York, North Yorkshire, England. Built in the early 18th century as a pair of houses commissioned by Henry Baines, they appear in early views by Samuel Buck and on John Cossins' map, and No. 14 was later home to the astronomer John Goodricke. In the 19th century the terrace was adapted for offices and shops, with No. 10 used by the architectural practice of J. B. and W. Atkinson and No. 12 further altered for bank use in 1959. The terrace was included in the Central Historic Core conservation area in 1968. Nos. 10 and 12 are now occupied by The Old Bank public house, while No. 14 is the premises of the House of the Trembling Madness pub.
Numbers 10, 12 and 14 were built on Lendal in the early 18th century as a pair of houses. Commissioned by Henry Baines, an alderman and later lord mayor, they appear in early-18th‑century views by Samuel Buck and on John Cossins' map. They were also known at one time as Nos. 11, 13 and 15, though the dates of this numbering are uncertain. No. 14 was later home to the astronomer John Goodricke, who died in 1786.
Around 1870, No. 10 became the office of architects J. B. and W. Atkinson, successors to John Carr of York; James Demaine joined the firm in 1877, followed by Walter Brierley in 1886 after W. Atkinson's death. The practice's successors remained at the address at the time of the building's listing. The buildings were adapted for offices and shops around 1880, and carriage gates dating from about 1890 are attached at the rear beneath No. 14. No. 12 was further altered for bank use in 1959.
On 14 June 1954, the terrace was designated a Grade II* listed building, and in 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area. Nos. 10 and 12 are now occupied by The Old Bank public house, and No. 14 is the premises of the ​House of the Trembling Madness pub. The Old Bank also occupies No. 8 Lendal, a separately Grade II-listed building adjoining the terrace.
The terrace is mainly brick, with Nos. 10 and 12 having a stone-framed doorway and porch. The front has a timber eaves line; the rear has a simple brick parapet with a stone top. The roof has two spans, tiled at the front and slated at the back, with shortened brick chimneys. One rear gable is shaped. Nos. 10 and 12 include two dormers with small sash windows.
The frontage has three storeys and eight windows. Slightly right of centre is a porch with Tuscan detailing and double doors beneath a fanlight. The ground floor is framed with pilasters and a plain fascia. To the left are margin‑glazed windows; to the right, No. 10 has a six‑panel door with a patterned overlight. The left end of No. 14 has been altered to form a carriage entrance with plain classical supports. The shopfront includes a canted display window with a blocked clerestory, set between two recessed openings, one now a window, the other a glazed door, each with tall small‑pane overlights. First‑floor windows vary between small sashes at Nos. 10 and 12 and larger sashes at No. 14; the second floor has short four‑pane sashes throughout. All windows sit under shallow brick arches with painted sills. A raised band marks the second floor. The eaves have dentils and brackets, with a rainwater head dated 1774 and a decorative downpipe clamp.
The rear has three storeys and a basement, with seven windows. Basement openings at No. 14 have shallow brick heads and brick sills. Upper windows are small sashes under segmental heads in altered openings, with a tall round‑headed sash at the left of the first floor. Brick bands mark the first and second floors. At the back of the carriageway are slim iron gates with Art Nouveau patterns.
The ground floor of No. 10 has a stair hall with simple cornice work and an open staircase, with shaped tread ends, turned balusters and a curved handrail. The stairwell is panelled to pilaster height, and the stair window has a splayed recess with a seat.
On the first floor, the landing has a decorative plaster ceiling, and the door surrounds are panelled. The front room includes a six‑panel door, fluted architraves, shutters and an ornate ceiling with foliate motifs and a shelf running around the walls. The rear room has a panelled door, dado rail and a moulded fireplace, with an early-18th‑century door to a small closet.
A later staircase leads to the second floor. The front and rear rooms to the left have coffered ceilings; the front room has a plain fireplace, and the rear room one similar to the room below, along with a three‑panel door to a fireside closet. A three‑panel door on the landing leads to the attic, which has lime‑ash floors.
Most original features within No. 14 remain. The rear ground floor has panelling, a fireplace and shutters, and a long staircase rises to the first floor.
The first floor has a rear room with complete early-18th‑century panelling, fireplace, shutters, doors and plaster coving. The landing has round‑headed doorways with moulded surrounds and keystones, linked by ramped dado panelling. The main front room has plaster coving, shutters and a round‑headed doorway; the smaller front room has its corner fireplace, dado panelling and panelled doors.
The original staircase continues to the second floor, with two balusters per tread, a moulded handrail and matching dado panelling. The second‑floor rooms retain original doors, corner fireplaces and coving. A small stair leads to the attic.
200 One Dollar Bills is a 1962 painting by American artist Andy Warhol. Executed in silkscreen ink and pencil on canvas, it depicts 200 images of a United States one-dollar bill arranged in a 20-by-10 grid. 200 One Dollar Bills is one of Warhol's largest works from his early Dollar Bill series. The painting is notable as one of Warhol's first works to employ silkscreen printing, a technique that became central to his practice. 200 One Dollar Bills sold for $43.8 million at auction in 2009.
During the 1950s, Andy Warhol gained prominence in New York as a commercial artist, particularly for his advertising work and illustrations of women's footwear. In 1961, Warhol began shifting from commercial illustration toward fine art, experimenting with paintings based on comic strips and advertisements. That year, he sold paintings directly to collectors including Robert Scull, Emily Tremaine, and Burton Tremaine, but struggled to secure gallery representation. Dealer Ivan Karp unsuccessfully approached several prominent New York galleries on his behalf, including Leo Castelli's, which declined to represent him in part because his work was considered too similar to that of Roy Lichtenstein.
Seeking a new subject, Warhol solicited suggestions from friends. Art curator Henry Geldzahler encouraged him to focus on ordinary, commercially available objects, while his art dealer Muriel Latow encouraged him to paint what he liked most; Warhol replied, "money." By early 1962, he was producing paintings of dollar bills alongside works depicting familiar consumer products, including Campbell's Soup Cans and Coca-Cola bottles. Warhol initially concentrated on one-dollar bills, but soon he was also making paintings of two-dollar bills. In June 1962, Stable Gallery director Eleanor Ward proposed an exhibition of Warhol's work in exchange for a painting of a two-dollar bill.
The first dollar-bill works were made at Warhol's home studio at 1342 Lexington Avenue in New York in March–April 1962. Warhol initially produced pencil drawings and hand-painted representations of dollar bills, some incorporating watercolor. His works on paper included both individual, flattened bills and arrangements depicting bills as crumpled or rolled forms. When he began developing repeated dollar-bill compositions, however, he found that stencils and rubber stamps were impractical for reproducing the currency's detailed imagery. He instead made ink drawings of the front and back of a dollar bill on acetate and had them converted into hand-cut silkscreens at a commercial printing shop.Silkscreen printing enabled Warhol to reproduce the same image repeatedly while reducing the emphasis on individual brushwork. The process involved transferring pigment through a fabric screen onto the canvas, with the open areas of the screen determining where the image was printed. Warhol's early screens were relatively small and closely corresponded to the dimensions of their source images, allowing him to operate the squeegee himself. The resulting images retain some evidence of the original drawing, while the printing process allowed Warhol to repeat the same image across the canvas in a regular grid.
The dollar-bill paintings were the first works in which Warhol employed the silkscreening technique, which would become central to his work. In 1977, Warhol said in an interview, "I started [silkscreening] when I was printing money. I had to draw it, and it came out looking too much like a drawing, so I thought wouldn't it be a great idea to have it printed. Somebody said you could just put it on silkscreens." Warhol expanded this approach to photographs of celebrities, newspaper images and other subjects.
By the end of April 1962, he had completed 200 One Dollar Bills, one of his largest and most ambitious money paintings of the period. The bills are depicted larger than actual size, and the blue Treasury Department seal on each bill appears to have required a separate silkscreen. The approximate date of the painting is supported by a photograph published in the May 11, 1962, issue of Time, in which part of the work is visible alongside the painting Big Campbell's Soup Can with Can Opener (Vegetable) (1962). Because the photograph would have been taken before the magazine's publication, it establishes that the painting existed by late April 1962.
Measuring approximately 80¼ × 92¼ inches (203.8 × 234.3 cm), 200 One Dollar Bills consists of 200 repeated images of the front of a one-dollar bill arranged in a grid of twenty rows of ten in black ink. There is a blue Treasury Department seal on each bill, which is distinctive to the 1957 series of the United States silver certificates.
The painting belongs to Warhol's early Dollar Bill series, which consists predominantly of relatively small paintings depicting individual dollar bills, some showing both the front and back. Only ten works in the series feature dollar bills in serial or grouped compositions. 200 One Dollar Bills and 192 One Dollar Bills (1962) are the two largest works in the series, with the former arranged horizontally and the latter vertically. The dollar remained a recurring motif in Warhol's work, appearing in later paintings such as Front and Back Dollar Bills (1962) and Dollar Sign (1981).
The repetition of the dollar bill in 200 One Dollar Bills reflects Warhol's interest in mass production, commercial imagery, and consumer culture. Art critic David Bourdon observed that his "decision to present these forms as an ongoing, seemingly endless succession of units conveys the impression that quantity and conformity are of crucial importance. It didn't really matter whether he repeated the image twenty, one hundred, or two hundred times; the implication was always that the potential sum is infinite."
The dollar was also closely associated with Warhol's interest in money and business. In 1962, he told Time, "I just paint things I always thought were beautiful, things you use every day and never think about. I'm working on soups, and I've been doing some paintings of money. I just do it because I like it." In his 1975 book The Philosophy of Andy Warhol (From A to B & Back Again), he said, "During the hippie era people put down the idea of business—they'd say 'Money is bad' and 'Working is bad' but making money is art and working is art and good business is the best art." Elsewhere in the book, he wrote, "I like money on the wall. Say you are going to buy a $200,000 painting. I think you should take that money, tie it up, and hang it on the wall. Then when someone visited you the first thing they would see is the money on the wall."
As with Campbell's Soup Cans (1961–62), Warhol turned an ordinary commercial product into the subject of a fine art painting. In 1962, Marguerite Lamkin, writing for the London Express Service, asked Warhol what he was trying to say through his paintings. He replied, "I want to show the monotony in the way things are. You see these things every day and by painting them you realize how boring life really is."
200 One Dollar Bills was first exhibited at the Green Gallery in New York as part of a group exhibition from October to November 1962.
The painting was subsequently exhibited at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Philadelphia in 1965 in the first museum survey of Warhol's work. It was also included in exhibitions at the Institute of Contemporary Art in Boston in 1966, the Philadelphia Institute of Contemporary Art's Grids exhibition in 1972, and the Kunsthaus Zürich in 1978.
The painting was acquired for $1,200 from the Green Gallery show by Robert C. Scull, a New York taxi-fleet owner and prominent early collector of Pop art. It was subsequently in the collection of Pauline and Constantinos Karpidas for 23 years.
Following Scull's death, the painting was offered at Sotheby's in New York in November 1986 as part of the sale of contemporary art from his estate. It sold for $385,000, setting an auction record for Warhol at the time.
In November 2009, 200 One Dollar Bills was offered at Sotheby's in New York. It carried a presale estimate of $8 million to $12 million and sold for $43.8 million. At the time, the sale was the second-highest auction price for a work by Warhol, behind Green Car Crash (1963), which had sold for $71.7 million at Christie's in 2007. The sale was also the highest price achieved for a work at Sotheby's during its 2009 contemporary art auction season.
The 2026 Asia-Pacific Sixes Lacrosse Championships is an upcoming men's and women's tournament for lacrosse sixes teams scheduled to be held from 5 to 10 October 2026 in Sunshine Coast, Australia. The event is hosted by Lacrosse Australia for the Asia Pacific Lacrosse Union.
The top five teams in both the men's and women's tournament will qualify for the 2027 World Lacrosse Sixes Championships which in turn will be used to qualify teams for the 2028 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles.
An Unmarked Grave is the fourth in a series of historical mystery novels by American authors Caroline and Charles Todd, writing under the pseudonym Charles Todd, that feature the army nurse Bess Crawford during and after World War I . It was published by William Morrow, an imprint of HarperCollins, in 2012.
It is Spring 1918, and Bess Crawford, a British army nurse serving on the Western Front, is dealing with an outbreak of Spanish flu among both patients and medical staff. An orderly summons her to the tent where dead soldiers are kept before burial, and shows her a body that has been stripped of uniform and identity discs. It bears no sign of bullet or shrapnel wounds, but the soldier's neck has been broken. Bess recognizes the man, Vincent Carson, a very able major in her father's former regiment. It looks like murder, and the murderer is trying to cover up by placing Vincent's body among actual battle casualties. Before Bess can report this to the head nurse, she is summoned into surgery, and partway through, she falls unconscious, a victim of influenza.
When she awakens, she is back in England being cared for by her parents. Apparently she had come within a whisker of death. The discovery of Vincent Carson's body seems like a fever dream now. But she reconsiders when she hears that the orderly who had shown her Vincent's body had been found hanged. Evidently the body, unidentified because of her illness and the orderly's death, has been buried in an unmarked grave. Someone seems to have committed the perfect murder and then covered it up by killing the orderly.
Her parents were unwilling to let Bess return to the dangers of France, so she accepts a posting to convalescent hospital in Dorset. While there, she takes time on a day off to visit Julie, the widow of Vincent Carson. Julie tells Bess that she learned that Vincent died in battle via a letter from his commanding officer, a Colonel Prescott. Bess is immediately suspicious of the letter, since she knows that Vincent did not die in battle, and his commanding officer was not Colonel Prescott.
The doctor she is working with respects her nursing skills too much to have her stay in England, and soon orders arrive for her to return to France. There, she discovers that the murderer is still keen to cover his tracks, for one night she is attacked from behind, but her screams scare the attacker off. She then receives orders to relocate to a hospital near Dieppe, which she believes are counterfeit, and when she arrives at the rendezvous for her ride to Dieppe, the driver of the car tries to run her over.
Bess begins to question the motive for Vincent's murder. What if the murderer didn't kill Vincent out of spite, but only to steal his major's uniform, which the murderer is now using to hide in plain sight?
Bess uses her father's influence to get the army to issue her orders to do an inspection of field hospitals in France, where she is free to ask questions and slowly tighten the net around the murderer. Flushing him out, she follows him back to England, where she discovers her own family is in mortal danger.
Following the success of their first mystery series revolving around Inspector Ian Rutledge, the writing duo of Caroline and Charles Todd decided to start another series, this one about war nurse Bess Crawford, who, before World War I, circulated in the same upper class social circles as Rutledge. The result was A Duty to the Dead, published by William Morrow, an imprint of HarperCollins, in 2009. The fourth book in the series, An Unmarked Grave, was published in 2012. Charles Todd would go on to write eleven more titles in the Bess Crawford series.
Publishers Weekly noted "Caroline and Charles Todd, the mother-son team who write as Charles Todd, remain unmatched in their ability to convey the horrors of trench warfare and the effect on its participants."
Kirkus Reviews was disappointed, commenting "How many wartime casualties and heroics from Bess does it take to exhaust a reader? Unfortunately, exactly this many, despite the author’s fierce antiwar sentiments. Readers weary of Bess can take refuge in Todd's Ian Rutledge series."
Writing for Library Journal, Susan Moritz commented, "This engaging historical provides an intriguing look at the chaos the 1918 epidemic caused. Bess is the lynchpin of the story, with her sense of justice that won't allow a murderer to go unpunished, even when her life is endangered." Moritz concluded, "Highly recommended for fans of wartime mysteries, plucky women sleuths like Maisie Dobbs, and the Downton Abbey television series."
David Pitt, writing for Booklist, noted, "Todd, a mother-and-son writing team, is improving the Crawford novels with each installment. The series still isn't a serious rival to Todd's Inspector Ian Rutledge mysteries, but it's getting closer." Pitt concluded, "Fans of the Crawford novels should be very enthusiastic about this one.-"
The 2026–27 Virginia Tech Hokies women's basketball team will represent the Virginia Tech during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Hokies will be led by third-year head coach Megan Duffy, and will play their home games at Cassell Coliseum in Blacksburg, Virginia as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Hokies finished the 2025–26 season 23–10 overall and 12–6 in ACC play, to finish in a tie for fifth in the conference with Notre Dame and Syracuse. As the No. 6 seed in the ACC tournament, they earned a bye to the second round, where they defeated No. 11 Georgia Tech 62–54 before falling to No. 3 North Carolina in the quarterfinals.
Following their tournament elimination, the Hokies earned an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament, where they were seeded No. 9 in the Fort Worth #3 Regional. They lost 60–70 in the first round to No. 8 Oregon to end their season.
Aquinoism (Filipino: Aquinoismo) refers to the political ideology and method of governance associated with Corazon Aquino and Noynoy Aquino, 11th and 15th president of the Philippines. This term is often used among political analysts, historians and critics to describe the Liberal style of governance in the Philippines.
Aquinoism emerged following the assasination of Ninoy Aquino at Manila International Airport in 1983. The movement serves as an opposition to the government of dictator Ferdinand Marcos. The term surfaced in political discourse around February 1986, right after Corazon Aquino assumed the presidency, as leftist and progressive groups analyzed the new administration as a continuation of traditional elite politics.
Jose Maria Sison, the founder of the CPP-NPA-NDF, was one of the earliest critics who coined the term Aquinoism. In his published statement 'On the People's Democratic Revolution (Sison Reader Series Book 4)' on Dokumen.Pub, he said that "Aquinoism is Marcosism without Marcos", pointing out that while Aquino succeeded in re-establishing Democracy, she's still a puppet of elites.
Ahmad Saeed Malihabadi (1930 – 2 October 2022) was an Indian journalist, writer and politician who served as a Member of the Rajya Sabha representing West Bengal from 2008 to 2014. He was the chief editor of the Urdu-language daily Azad Hind, published from Kolkata, for more than six decades.
Born in Malihabad in the Lucknow district of United Provinces, Malihabadi became associated with Urdu journalism from an early age. He worked with Azad Hind, a newspaper founded by his father, Abdul Razzaq Malihabadi, and eventually became its chief editor. He also published books on journalism, politics, travel and Maulana Abul Kalam Azad.
Ahmad Saeed Malihabadi was born in 1930 at Malihabad in Lucknow district, Uttar Pradesh. He belonged to a family associated with Urdu journalism and the literary culture of Malihabad.
According to the Rajya Sabha's official obituary reference, Malihabadi worked with Mahatma Gandhi during Gandhi's stay in Kolkata in 1947, particularly in connection with efforts for peace and communal harmony during the period surrounding the Partition of India.
Malihabadi spent most of his professional life in Urdu journalism. He became associated with the Kolkata-based Urdu daily Azad Hind, which had been founded by his father, Abdul Razzaq Malihabadi. He served as the newspaper's chief editor for more than six decades.
The newspaper is preserved in the collections of the Maulana Abul Kalam Azad Institute of Asian Studies and the National Digital Library of India. Institutional catalogue records identify Ahmad Saeed Malihabadi as the editor of Azad Hind and preserve issues of the newspaper dating from the 20th century.
An issue of Azad Hind dated 11 July 1983 is catalogued by the institute with Ahmad Saeed Malihabadi listed as its editor. The record identifies the publication as an Urdu newspaper published in Calcutta.
Contemporary accounts described Malihabadi as a prominent figure in Urdu journalism. A 2001 article in The Milli Gazette described him as a co-editor of Azad Hind and discussed his role in the development of Urdu journalism in Kolkata.
Malihabadi entered national politics in 2008 when he was elected to the Rajya Sabha, the upper house of the Parliament of India, from West Bengal as an independent member.
His election attracted attention because both the Indian National Congress and the Left Front supported his candidature despite their political differences in West Bengal. Contemporary reporting described him as the editor of Azad Hind and noted his background as a journalist and his family's association with the freedom movement.
During his parliamentary term, Malihabadi participated in debates and parliamentary proceedings. The official parliamentary record, for example, lists him among the members who participated in the Rajya Sabha debate concerning the 2008 Mumbai attacks.
According to PRS Legislative Research, Malihabadi attended 93% of the Rajya Sabha sittings recorded in its parliamentary dataset, participated in 25 debates and asked 35 questions during his term.
In addition to journalism, Malihabadi wrote books in Urdu. His published works included Aaj Ka Pakistan, a travel and interview account published in 1975, and Allah Ke Ghar Mein: Mera Safar-e-Hajj.
He also wrote extensively about Abul Kalam Azad. His book Azeem Sahafi, Azeem Rahnuma Abul Kalam Azad was published in 2013 by the Maulana Azad Education Foundation, New Delhi. The book contains 212 pages and deals with Azad's career as a journalist and political leader.
Another of his works, Aazad Ne Kaha Tha: Ittihad Aur Azadi, was published in 1997 and deals with Abul Kalam Azad's ideas concerning unity and independence.
Following his death, the Rajya Sabha paid tribute to him during its obituary references on 7 December 2022. The official record described him as a journalist, writer and scholar and noted his service as a member of the House from West Bengal between April 2008 and April 2014.
The XVIII National Population Census and VII Housing Census or Population and Housing Census 2012 (Spanish: XVIII Censo Nacional de Población y VII de Vivienda o Censo de Población y Vivienda 2012) was a population census that was carried out in Chile between April 9 and July 15, 2012, and whose objective was to update the data recorded in the census carried out ten years earlier, in April 2002. Its preparation was the responsibility of the National Statistics Institute of Chile (INE).
The final census results were published on April 2, 2013, tallying a national total of 16,634,603 inhabitants; however, they were later removed. Finally, in September 2014, the National Institute of Statistics published a new figure based on projections from the 2002 Census, which yielded an estimated total of 17,819,054 inhabitants; The data from the 2012 census were subsequently discarded due to a series of problems in obtaining and processing the data.
Law 17374 states that the census must be carried out in one day, and that this day must be declared a holiday, so the new mechanism was left in a dubious legal position. In fact, Decree 143 of the Ministry was reviewed by the Comptroller's Office, which explained this situation.
On April 26, 2013, it was reported that the director of INE, Francisco Labbé Opazo, allegedly manipulated the 2012 Census figures in a scandal that ended with his resignation.
In March 2014, it was reported that the government of Michelle Bachelet would conduct a new "abbreviated" census, a matter that was confirmed in June, and that took place in April 2017.
Australia is scheduled to compete at the 2026 Summer Youth Olympics in Dakar, Senegal from October 31 to November 13, 2026. This will mark Australia's fourth appearance at the Youth Olympics, after making its debut in 2010.
Ante Garmaz (7 January 1928 – 16 July 2011), also known as Antonio Jorge Garmaz, was an Argentine actor, fashion designer, presenter and model who was active in the Argentine entertainment scene and social life from the 1950s until his death.
Garmaz was born in Zagreb, present-day Croatia, on 7 January 1928. His family emigrated to Argentina when he was four years old, settling in the city of Las Breñas, in the northern Chaco Province, which had a thriving Yugoslav community at the time. In Las Breñas, Garmaz's parents opened a boarding house to get by financially. In 1940, the family moved to Rosario, in the nearby province of Santa Fe, where he graduated from the city's Mariano Moreno school before moving in 1947 to Buenos Aires.
In Buenos Aires, Garmaz began a career as a model during times in which it was hard to be a male model in a more conservative Argentine society of the time. Regardless of homosexuality being the subject of controversies as well as other consequences in the 1940s, Garmaz never hid the fact that he was a gay man. In his later years he liked to jokingly say that "only (my) partners are gay." His flamboyance and eccentricism drew the attention of several filmmakers who called him to act in some national productions. Among the directors who hired Garmaz were Fernando Ayala for Triángulo de cuatro (1975) and Carlos Borcosque Jr. for El soltero (1977). He also acted in Men Only Think of That in 1976.
Garmaz's style attracted criticism from conservative sectors. For example, in 1960, he made Amadeo Carrizo, the goalkeeper of the Argentina national football team put on a fur coat and model with it. Garmaz's involvement with the football world was also significant in his career. An avid fan of Boca Juniors, he caused controversy in 1975 by agreeing to design a necktie for River Plate manager Ángel Labruna. In 2003, Garmaz also designed the suits of the Boca Juniors team to travel to Japan for the 2003 Intercontinental Cup match against AC Milan. He also financially helped the players of Chaco For Ever after the team was relegated in 1998. Garmaz helped pay for the trips and the accommodation of the players in Rafaela for the decisive match.
Garmaz died aged 83 on 16 July 2011 at Hospital Fernández in Palermo, Buenos Aires, after a long illness which had developed into an intensive care hospitalisation hours before his death.
Garmaz was known for collecting ties and admiring Frank Sinatra, as well as for his socialisation with well-known figures like Alfredo Olmedo, Jorge Porcel, Antonio Gasalla, Marcelo Tinelli, Susana Giménez and Mirtha Legrand.
In the case of Giménez, she had a very close relationship with Garmaz. In September 2024, during a conversation in her show with players Leandro Paredes and Rodrigo de Paul, Giménez clarified when Paredes asked her if Garmaz had been her boyfriend, that the two had been just friends, highlighting that Garmaz was gay and that he had always been open about that.
The necktie that Garmaz designed for River's coach, Ángel Labruna, left a lasting cultural mark in the club's history, with manager Marcelo Gallardo wearing Labruna's tie in a Superclásico match against Boca and other matches. The association between the necktie's design and good results led to the tie being called the "Necktie of Glory", and it became a marketing item for the club, which sold it on online platforms to gather money for benefic activities in 2022.
Moallin worked as a youth manager of American side Columbus Crew. Following his stint there, he signed for Somali side Horseed. The same year, he was appointed manager of Tanzanian side Azam. While managing the club, he was regarded to
During the summer of 2023, he was appointed manager of Tanzanian side KMC, helping the club achieve fifth place in the league. Subsequently, he was appointed technical director of Tanzanian side Yanga, where he worked alongside German manager Sead Ramović.
In 2026, he was appointed manager of Tanzanian side Yanga, helping the club win the league title. Ahead of the 2026–27 season, he was appointed manager of Kenyan side Mombasa United.
Moallin has been nicknamed "Master Lecturer". Tanzanian news website Sportsleo Bongo wrote in 2026 that he "is recognized as a coach with broad technical expertise, who builds strong playing systems and elevates local coaches through modern football education".
AF Group (historically Anglia Farmers) is a British agricultural cooperative based in Colton, Norfolk, that operates as a buying group. It was founded in 2003 by merging two smaller cooperatives, Mid-Norfolk Farmers and Loddon Farmers. Its then-CEO Clarke Willis received an MBE for services to agriculture in 2016. It reported a turnover of £287m in 2024.
The 4th Infantry Division (Lithuanian: 4-oji pėstininkų divizija) was an infantry division of the Lithuanian Army. It was formed in 1920, during the Lithuanian Wars of Independence, and was disbanded in 1924.
Although the largest battles of the Polish–Lithuanian War ended in November 1920, skirmishes continued in the Polish–Lithuanian Neutral Strip that was established by the League of Nations following the Treaty of Kaunas.
The 4th Infantry Division consisted of the 10th, 11th, and 12th Infantry Regiments, the 4th Artillery Regiment, and two squadrons of the 1st Cavalry Regiment. The divisional commander in late 1920 and 1921 was Lt. Col. Kazys Ladyga. The division guarded the area from the Lithuanian border with Germany at Lake Vištytis to the village of Jakėnai. The division headquarters was in Alytus.
In 1924, following the division of Lithuanian territory into three military districts, with an infantry division stationed in each, the 4th Infantry Division was disbanded.
On May 7, 1923, the Minister of National Defense ordered the formation of the Border Guard Division from the 4th Infantry Division and the 1st Border Regiment, under Lt. Col. Konstantinas Žukas, based on a resolution of the ministerial Cabinet. The 2nd Border Regiment was dissolved while the new division was given over to the Ministry of Internal Affairs. The 10th, 11th, and 12th Infantry Regiments were renamed 2nd, 3rd, and 4th Border Regiments, respectively. Only the light machine guns remained as the heavy machine gun companies were dissolved. But this restructuring was equally ineffectual. In his memoirs, Žukas stated that the border guard's sparse patrol along a long border was unable to stop contraband from entering from either side.
From 15 December 1923, the Border Guard Division was down sized to the Border Guard Brigade, and the regiments into Border Guard Battalions. On January 1, 1924, it was completely disbanded. Border protection was transferred to the Border Police (subordinate to the Ministry of Internal Affairs) and 150 officers and non-commissioned officers as well as 1,460 soldiers transferred from the brigade to the Border Police, while others were transferred to army units. The Ministry of National Defence also gave much weaponry to the Border Police, which included 4,987 rifles, 607 carbines, 66 machine guns, 101 rocket-propelled grenades, 258 revolvers, 627 swords, 239 telephones, 297 wagons and more.
The 2nd Infantry Division (Lithuanian: 2-oji pėstininkų divizija) was an infantry division of the Lithuanian Army. It was formed in 1920, during the Lithuanian Wars of Independence, and existed throughout the interwar until the Soviet occupation of Lithuania in 1940.
Following the restoration of the Lithuanian state in 1918, the Lithuanian Army was also re-established, comprising regiments which were merged into brigades in 1919 and then into divisions in early 1920. On 10 February 1920, the three infantry brigades of the Lithuanian Army were reorganised into divisions.
As of 1940, the 2nd Infantry Division comprised headquarters, 3 infantry regiments and 1 artillery regiment, as well as the command posts for the districts of Kaunas, Alytus, Marijampolė, Seinai, Šakiai and Vilkaviškis.
There was a church in Hessle from the mediaeval period. The oldest part of the current building is the nave, which dates from the reign of Stephen of England, in the 12th century. North and south aisles were added in the 13th century. In the 15th century, the tower was built, the nave was lengthened by two bays, and the aisles were widened. A gallery was added in 1802, but the church was neglected and in 1840 was closed for two years while the roof was repaired. The building was heavily restored between 1868 and 1870 by R. G. Smith. He completely rebuilt the chancel, using old materials, and added an organ chamber. The building was grade I listed in 1967. In 2025, work started to repair the tower and spire.
The church is built of stone with lead roofs, and consists of a nave with a clerestory, north and south aisles, north and south porches, a chancel with north and south chapels and a north organ chamber, and a west steeple, the tower embraced by the aisles. The tower has three stages, buttresses, a pointed three-light west window, a moulded string course, three-light pointed bell openings, and clock faces, above which is a band and an embattled parapet with crocketed corner finials. On the tower is a tall spire with lucarnes. The whole of the body of the church has embattled parapets. Inside the church, a collection of Romanesque carved stones are set in the wall of the south chapel. One of the windows has stained glass by Morris and Co.
The 2026–27 Arizona Wildcats women's basketball team will represent the University of Arizona during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Wildcats will be led by second-year head coach Becky Burke, and will play their games at the McKale Center in Tucson, Arizona as a member of the Big 12 Conference.
The Wildcats finished the 2025–26 season 12–18 overall and 3–15 in Big 12 play, to finish in a tie for fourteenth in the conference with UCF. As the No. 14 seed in the Big 12 tournament, they lost in the first round to No. 10 Arizona State.
In 2026, many wildfires occurred across Croatia during the 2026 European heatwaves. As of August 15, over 5,143 ha (51.43 km2) have been burnt, according to the European Forest Fire Information System, with 42 fires larger than 30 ha being recorded. According to the Croatian Firefighting Association, 9,646 ha (96.46 km2) have been burnt as of August 12.
From June 22 to June 25, three wildfires broke out on the island of Krk. The first was recorded on June 22 near Dobrinj, between the villages of Klimno and Šilo. Two days later, on June 24, also in the Dobrinj municipality, a new fire broke out near Sužan. A third fire broke out on June 25 in the Punat municipality. All three fires were quickly contained and extinguished, but a total of around 3,500 square meters was burned.
On July 5, a fire broke out near Vinišće which spread towards the village, fueled by strong bora winds. Firefighters from the surrounding area quickly intervened and put the fire under control.
On July 11, a large fire broke out near the village of Blato on the island of Korčula. More than 100 firefighters from other counties were sent to help bring it under control. Overnight, rain fell which helped the firefighters, and the fire was brought under control by the evening of July 12.
On August 11, a fire broke out in Vinišće, leaving the entire village without electricity. A total of 27 firefighters with 10 fire trucks took part in the response, and the fire was extinguished early on August 12.
On August 12, a fire broke out along the A3 highway in the area of Hrvatski Leskovac and spread to both sides of the road. A total of 13.5 hectares burned, and the fire was extinguished within three hours.
During the night of August 13, a large fire broke out on the island of Brač. A total of 250 hectares burned, and 106 firefighters with 31 vehicles took part in extinguishing it, assisted by four Canadair CL-415 aircraft. The fire was extinguished in the afternoon after 13 hours of firefighting.
On August 13, at 8:15 PM, the County Firefighting Operations Center of Split-Dalmatia County received a report of a fire in the area of Lokva Rogoznica. The fire quickly spread to Omiš, and a total of around 1,000 hectares of grass, low vegetation, and pine forest burned. Firefighters from 6 other counties took part in the response, totaling 253 firefighters with 83 fire vehicles, assisted by four Canadair CL-415 aircraft and four Air Tractors. In total, more than 300 firefighters were deployed. One person was killed in the fire, 43 people were injured along with three firefighters, and around 2,500 people were evacuated. The fire destroyed 58 residential buildings, two garages, 36 vehicles, 25 boats, two trailers, one motorcycle, and two cargo vehicles.
Early morning on August 14, a fire broke out in the area of Kuna Pelješka on the Pelješac peninsula. 250 firefighters with 73 fire vehicles from Dubrovnik-Neretva County, along with an extraordinary deployment of firefighters from two additional counties, took part in extinguishing the fire, assisted by four Canadair CL-415 aircraft, one Air Tractor, and one Mil Mi-17 helicopter. Around 500 hectares burned, and the fire was stopped early in the morning on August 16.
On August 14 at 9:40 AM, the County Firefighting Operations Center of Šibenik-Knin County detected a wildfire in the area of the settlement of Polača, which had spread into Croatia from Bosnia and Herzegovina. 37 firefighters with 19 fire vehicles were deployed to fight the fire, along with 26 members of the Croatian Army Firefighting Forces, assisted by four Canadair CL-415 firefighting aircraft.
In the afternoon on August 14, a fire broke out in the area of Ninski Stanovi and Žerava. 79 firefighters with 29 fire vehicles took part in extinguishing it, assisted by three Canadair CL-415 aircraft and one Air Tractor. Firefighting efforts were hampered by strong bora winds, but the fire was successfully brought under control by the evening.
On the evening of August 14, a fire broke out on Dugi Otok. 50 firefighters with 19 fire vehicles brought the fire under control on the afternoon of August 15, but it soon flared up again. Two Air Tractors and one Canadair CL-415 were also deployed. The fire was again brought under control in the evening. A total of 300 hectares of land burned.
On August 16, a fire broke out in the area of the village of Jovići. 56 firefighters with 17 fire vehicles took part in extinguishing it, assisted by three Canadair CL-415 firefighting aircraft and two Air Tractor AT-802 aircraft. The fire was brought under control at 7:30 PM.
Abashed right (Portuguese: direita envergonhada) is a term coined by Timothy J. Power in 2000 in the book The Political Right in Postauthoritarian Brazil: Elites, Institutions, and Democratization to describe the Brazilian right after the country's re-democratization.
After the end of the military dictatorship in Brazil (1964–1985), many former members of the National Renewal Alliance (ARENA) and the Democratic Social Party (PDS), especially politicians associated with José Sarney, created new parties or migrated to existing ones, including opposition parties such as the Liberal Front Party (PFL) and the Brazilian Democratic Movement (PMDB). These politicians adopted a more moderate discourse and identified themselves as belonging to the political center, reflecting the country's democratic and anti-authoritarian consensus, including among the elite.
In 1987, the National Constituent Assembly of Brazil consisted of 5% far-left deputies, 52% center-left, 37% center, and 6% right-wing, while no one identified as far-right. Between 1990 and 2009, 88% of Brazilian legislators placed themselves on the left, whereas only 13.5% identified with the right. According to this interpretation, post-dictatorship Brazil appeared to be a country in which the political right had virtually disappeared.
According to Power, this phenomenon resulted from Brazil's conservative democratic transition, which neither punished military officials responsible for crimes committed during the dictatorship nor substantially displaced the country's traditional elites from power, instead giving them a democratic veneer. Another contributing factor was the dissolution of the Soviet Union, which made the distinction between left and right less pronounced.
In 1989, Enéas Carneiro founded the Party of the Reconstruction of the National Order (PRONA) and ran for President of Brazil. Until its dissolution in 2006, the party was considered the country's main far-right party, despite defining itself as centrist.
Although the phenomenon was initially expected to be short-lived, it persisted for more than a decade. It weakened, however, with the rise of the BBB Bench during the governments of the Workers' Party (PT). Politicians such as Marco Feliciano, Celso Russomanno, and Jair Bolsonaro began openly identifying themselves as conservatives.
Political scientist Leonardo Avritzer argues that the era of the "abashed right" ended in 2013 with the emergence of the Free Brazil Movement (MBL) and other groups associated with Brazil's New Right.
Afiz Ogun Oluwatoyin is a Nigerian surgeon, educator and public administrator currently serving as Director General and chief Executive Officer of Industrial Training Fund (ITF), appointed by President Bola Tinubu since 2023.
Oluwatoyin began his career as a dental surgeon and as an educator focused on curriculum design, youth mentorship, and vocational capacity building. He practiced for four decades before transiting into public administration in October 2023 when he was appointed as Director General and chief Executive Officer of Industrial Training Fund (ITF) by President Bola Tinubu.
At the ITF, Oluwatoyin initiated several policies and programs including Skill-Up Artisans (SUPA) focused on providing advanced technical training to artisans in information and communication technology (ICT), electrical installations, fashion, plumbing and others with certifications and licensing and startup packs. He coordinates skills acquisition program, the Technical Skills Development Project (TSDP) in partnership with the Nigeria Employers’ Consultative Association (NECA) training youths practical skills for employability and entrepreneurship in specialized trades and occupations. He is credited for establishing vocational training partnerships with foreign institutions and chambers of commerce in countries including Turkey.
The 2026–27 season is the 51st season of competitive football in the history of Middlesbrough Football Club Women, and their second consecutive season in the National League North, the third level of English women's football. The club will also participate in the FA Cup, and the WNL Cup.
Ataullah Khan (died 1975) was an Indian film producer and director. He and his third daughter, the actress Madhubala, co-founded the production house Madhubala Private Ltd. on which he served as the managing director. The company produced three films: Naata (1955), Mehlon Ke Khwab (1960) and Pathan (1962)—the latter of which was also directed by Khan.
During the 1950s, Khan was a subject of significant media scrutiny for his rigid management of Madhubala's life and career. He was a central figure in the highly publicized Naya Daur court case (c. 1957), which he and Madhubala fought against filmmaker B. R. Chopra.
Ataullah Khan belonged to the Yusufzai tribe of Pashtuns from the Peshawar Valley, originating from Swabi District. Author Ziaullah Khan Jadoon wrote that Khan, who had family connections in Rawalpindi, traded and sold clay pots in the city as a youth. Khan later moved to Peshawar and obtained employment with the Imperial Tobacco Company, where he worked for approximately fifteen years before leaving the company following a dispute with his superior.
In 1930, Khan moved his family to Delhi in search of employment. He married the Lahore-based Ayesha Begum and had eleven children with her; six of these survived into adulthood: Kaneez Fatima, Altaf, Mumtaz (1933–1969), Zeb (born 1934), Shahida and Madhur Bhushan (née Zahida). The family was reported to be of middle-class Muslim background but began facing financial difficulties after Khan lost his job.
Khan began working on a film titled Pathan in 1939, but it was shelved and would not be revived for the next two decades. In 1941, Khan relocated along with his family to Bombay (now Mumbai) in search of better opportunities. While he was unable to land a job for himself, his third daughter, Mumtaz, secured acting assignments as a child artiste and later established herself within the Hindi film industry. By the late 1940s, Mumtaz adopted the screen name Madhubala and became a leading star of Hindi cinema.
Throughout her career until the mid-1960s, Khan acted as Madhubala's official manager—choosing her film scripts and directors, managing contracts and laying down rules regarding the time and place of shooting. He also fixed her work timings from 8 am to 6 pm, disallowed any media interactions on or off-set, and demanded that her romantic scenes be filmed only in his presence. Madhubala suffered from a heart condition (ventricular septal defect), which was diagnosed early but kept a secret by Khan to avoid jeopardizing her career. Wary of her health condition, Khan ensured clauses prohibiting night shootings or outdoor schedules in her film contracts.
According to the journal Swatantra, Khan and Madhubala first became involved in film production through collaborations with filmmaker Prem Narayan Arora; these included Pardes (1950) and Rail Ka Dibba (1953). In 1953, Khan and Madhubala co-founded the production company Madhubala Private Ltd. (MPL). Their early announced ventures included a film named Sayyad, which was being directed by Kamal Amrohi but was shelved midway for unknown reasons, causing the company a financial loss of ₹3 lakhs. Later projects like Mehbooba and Kisan Ki Gai were not finished either, while a big-budget historical project titled Shan-e-Awadh, with a story by Wajahat Mirza, was scrapped for the sole reason that the director's late coming infuriated Khan. By 1955, MPL was reported to have suffered a cumulative loss of ₹7 lakhs.
In 1955, Khan began production of D. N. Madhok's Naata, which was released in December as MPL's debut film. It introduced another of Khan's daughters, Zeb, who appeared in a supporting role under the screen name Chanchal. Naata, a drama starring Madhubala and Abhi Bhattacharya, had a mixed critical reception, with contemporary critic Baburao Patel calling it "a dull, poor and clumsy picture", while a reviewer for Swatantra hailed the film as a "commendable venture" for "providing clean, wholesome and neat fare devoid of any cheapness and vulgarity". The box office failure of Naata forced the father-daughter duo to mortgage a bungalow to recover their financial losses.
Khan returned to film production in 1960 with two films shot simultaneously: Mehlon Ke Khwab and Ghar Jawai. Both were comedies starring Kishore Kumar and Chanchal, with Madhubala playing the lead role in the former. Mehlon Ke Khwab was released in March 1960 and was not a commercial success. On the other hand, Ghar Jawai (featuring Chanchal as the female lead) remained unreleased due to a lack of distributor interest. In September 1960, Khan revived his directorial project, Pathan, and cast Madhubala and Prem Nath in lead roles. However, by then Madhubala's health was worsening due to her heart condition, and she was ultimately replaced by Mumtaz. Pathan was released in 1962 and another financial disappointment for Khan.
Khan was involved in multiple disputes against other film industry figures during the 1950s. In the beginning of the decade, he banned journalists from Madhubala's film sets due to negative press coverage of her background. Author Mohan Deep suggests that Khan was infuriated by gossip articles alleging his wife to be a "keep" and Madhubala being "the mother of a five-year-old child".
Khan's ban on journalists led to a boycott of Madhubala by the All India Action Committee; the issue was solved in 1951 after an apology by B. K. Karanjia. In March 1952, Khan sued several journalists, including editor Badri Kachwala (of Box-Office magazine), alleging defamation of his family. Kachwala subsequently issued a public apology to Khan, promising "not [to] write and publish any defamatory articles against [Khan] and [his] family". The court case was ultimately settled privately in late April.
In 1956, Khan went to court against filmmaker B. R. Chopra for dropping Madhubala out of his upcoming film Naya Daur (1957). The conflict had emerged due to Chopra replacing Madhubala, who had worked on the production for over a week, after Khan refused to allow her to travel to Bhopal for outdoor shootings. Khan cited his concerns for his daughter's safety in a region then known for dacoity—as well as his established preference for her to work within the controlled environments of Bombay studios.
The legal proceedings, which took place in early 1957, are regarded by film historian Bunny Reuben as the "most sensational court-case ever to be fought in the annals of Indian cinema". During the trial, Chopra alleged that Madhubala was pressurized by Khan to refuse his film and wrote a complaint letter to the Film Federation of India describing the struggles of filmmakers against the difficult "custodians" of film stars. The trials also brought attention to the romantic involvement of Madhubala with Dilip Kumar, the film's leading actor, whom Khan was reported to have disliked strongly. On later hearings, Khan accused Chopra and Kumar of filing the court case against his daughter "out of spite" because Madhubala had refused Kumar's advances. Many of these accusations from both sides remained unproven, and Chopra withdrew the case before the defence (Khan and Madhubala) could call their own witnesses. Khan was later said to have dismissed the lawsuit as a publicity stunt by Chopra for his film.
Several authors attribute the break-up of Madhubala and Kumar to Khan. In his 2014 autobiography, Kumar clarified that Khan was not against their decision to marry, but rather attempted to turn the relationship into a business arrangement by demanding that Kumar work exclusively under Khan's film productions. Kumar said that, unlike Madhubala, he found it difficult to "surrender to [Khan's] dictates and strategies" and eventually decided to break off the relationship.
Khan fell on hard times after Madhubala married Kishore Kumar and retired from films. Initially, in 1960, Filmindia reported that Khan was considering opening a poultry business and settling in Madras, but did not proceed further. By 1964, he sold all of Madhubala's cars as well as a bungalow that was bought by actress Sadhana Shivdasani. The son of actor Prem Nath has said that his father helped Khan financially at the time.
Khan's later life was marked by isolation. Madhubala was bedridden due to her worsening heart condition while he himself struggled with health issues associated with old age. His younger daughters—Shahida and Zahida—ventured into films with Kishore Kumar's Hum Do Daku (1967), which proved to be a box-office failure. Madhubala's death in February 1969 devastated Khan. According to Zahida, her father "never could recover from this tragedy"; he visited Madhubala's grave daily afterwards, till his own death from a heart attack in 1975.
In his heyday, Khan was often referred to as "Khan Saheb" in film circles, and was a subject of significant media attention due to his disputes with filmmakers and journalists, as well as his hostility toward Dilip Kumar. Author Khatija Akbar described him as "notoriously uncompromising, egocentric and difficult" and a part of the "old school of harsh disciplinarians". Music director Naushad called him a "man of principles", but also "very stubborn [who] hurt his own interests by this attitude".
Film journalist B. K. Karanjia, among the few people in the industry who were close to Khan and his family, wrote: "Ataullah Khan was a dangerous enemy, but as we were to discover, a wonderful friend. [...] I grew to like him, even admire him for his deep knowledge of cinema and for the strict discipline he was able to enforce on his daughter, which should have set an example to other freewheeling stars." Khan was credited with the creation and maintenance of Madhubala's mysterious persona, with contemporary actress Nimmi remarking that Khan's restrictions "kept her so remote that it was not just the public, even we in the film industry were in awe of her". An article in Indian Daily Mail (1955) claimed that Khan, in collaboration with film journalists, helped engineer Madhubala’s early public image by dividing the press into opposing pro- and anti-Madhubala camps. This generated publicity that was credited in helping establish her as a major star by the early 1950s, despite a mixed critical and commercial reception.
Khan was sometimes satirised in film magazines. For example, when a reader of Filmindia asked editor Baburao Patel, "Is Attaullah Khan a genius?"; Patel replied, "Yes. In creating trouble." Karanjia observed that Khan's rigid temperament curtailed Madhubala's career opportunities, notably when Frank Capra sought to offer her a Hollywood break during the 1952 International Film Festival of India; Khan is reported to have dismissed the proposal saying that "she could not eat with forks and knives". Khan's ventures into filmmaking were criticised by Dilip Kumar, who described him as "not competent" enough to produce films during the Naya Daur court case. On a later occasion, Kumar also accused Khan of diverting Madhubala's earnings into poorly executed productions.
Offering a different perspective, Khan's youngest daughter Madhur Bhushan recalled that he was "protective and inculcated discipline", but his strictness—such as forbidding film premieres and parties—stemmed from a desire to shield Madhubala from predatory men. Madhur also refuted claims that he forced Madhubala into the industry as a child, asserting that Madhubala's love for music and dance led her there naturally, and that Khan eventually became so "caught up chaperoning her" that he abandoned his own career. Madhubala rarely spoke publicly of their relationship, but once shared a childhood memory with Filmfare of "the hearty laughter of my beloved father", and recalled that despite their early poverty, "never for one moment—and I speak with complete honesty—was I left loveless and lonely."
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 7 May 1970. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Conservative Party retained overall control of the council.
Châu Ngọc Tuyết Sang (born 21 March 2005) is a Vietnamese Taekwondo athlete. She is a member of the Ho Chi Minh City Taekwondo team, with a record of one silver medal and one bronze medal at the World Championships, as well as one gold medal, two silver medals, and one bronze medal at the Asian Championships.
Initially, thanks to her existing foundation, she was called up to the Vietnam Taekwondo national team in 2018 to compete at the World Taekwondo Poomsae Championships in Taiwan. In her first appearance at the tournament, she and her teammates won a silver medal. This was the first international medal of her career. In the women's cadet standard poomsae team event, the three athletes Châu Ngọc Tuyết Sang, Nguyễn Thanh Hiền Linh, and Lê Ngọc Hân won the bronze medal after losing to South Korea in the final.
The five athletes Châu Ngọc Tuyết Sang, Nguyễn Hải Trang, Nguyễn Thanh Hiền Linh, Hồ Thanh Ân, and Lê Nhật Hào won the silver medal in the five-member team event at the 2019 Asian Junior and Cadet Taekwondo Poomsae Championships.
Châu Ngọc Tuyết Sang competed in the 15–17 age group. She performed exceptionally well and won the gold medal in the women's individual freestyle poomsae event. In the team event, Châu Ngọc Tuyết Sang, Châu Kim Loan, and Nguyễn Ngọc Tường Vy won the gold medal in the women's standard team poomsae event at the 2021 National Taekwondo Club Championships.
She has an older sister named Châu Tuyết Vân, born in 1990, who currently holds a sixth-degree black belt. She has won six consecutive SEA Games gold medals, ten consecutive World Championship gold medals, two consecutive Asian Championship gold medals, and two Southeast Asian gold medals in the synchronized team demonstration poomsae event.
The 2025 Mexico Major (officially 2025 Premier Padel GNP Acapulco Mexico) was the twenty-second tournament of the fourth season organized by Premier Padel, the premier padel circuit, promoted by the International Padel Federation, and with the financial backing of Nasser Al-Khelaïfi's Qatar Sports Investments.
In the women's category, the pairs ranked No. 1 and No. 3 by the FIP repeated the preivous tournament final, facing each other in a final for the fourth time in 2025. In the title match, Bea González and Claudia Fernández defeated the newly crowned world number ones, Delfina Brea and Gemma Triay, claiming their fifth title of the season.
In the men's category, the two top-ranked pairs faced each other in a final for the seventh consecutive time (including the Pairs World Cup) and for the thirteenth time this season. In the decisive match, Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello defeated to Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto, securing their twelfth title of the season and mathematically securing finishing the year as the world number one ranked pair.
With 31 seasons as a professional Padel player, having been ranked world number one nine times and world champion eight times (four pairs titles and four national teams titles), and holding over 100 international titles, Carolina Navarro played her final tournament at the Mexico Major, the birthplace of padel.
Following much speculation after their early exit in Egypt, Franco Stupaczuk and Juan Lebrón ended their partnership. Stupaczuk reunited with Martín Di Nenno, with whom he had contended for the world number one spot during the 2023 World Padel Tour season, forming "Version 3.0" of the 'Superpibes'. Meanwhile, Juan Lebrón teamed up with rising star Leandro Augsburger.
With the Round of 16 defeat of Ariana Sánchez and Paula Josemaría, Delfina Brea and Gemma Triay mathematically secured the year-end world number one ranking, crowning them the new queens of Premier Padel and ending their main rivals' hegemony.
This was the goal that united them for the season, a goal they achieved, completing a historic year in which they won nine titles and reached 14 finals, thereby establishing themselves as the dominant force on the circuit.
With their tournament victory, Bea González and Claudia Fernández claimed their fifth title of the season, the second "Major" for Claudia and the first for Bea, preventing Delfina and Gemma from winning every Major of the season, as the latter had previously triumphed in Qatar, Rome, and Paris.
By winning the Mexico Major, Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello secured their 41st title as a pair and confirmed they would finish the year as world number ones for the third consecutive year.
Coello and Tapia also became the third most successful pair in history, reaching 54 finals across 66 tournaments, making the finals 81.8% of the time (winning 41 of the 54 finals played, a 75.9% success rate), and amassing a total of 41 titles: fifteen in 2023, fourteen in 2024, and twelve in 2025 (with the Premier Padel Finals still to be played). These numbers place them as the third most successful pair of all time, trailing only Fernando Belasteguín & Juan Martín Díaz (115 titles) and Ariana Sánchez and Paula Josemaría (42 titles).
The 2027 Mid-American Conference men's basketball tournament will be the postseason men's basketball tournament for the Mid-American Conference (MAC) held March 11–13, 2027. The entire tournament will be played at Rocket Arena in Cleveland, Ohio.
As with all MAC tournaments since 2021, only the top eight teams will qualify. The winner of the tournament will receive the MAC's automatic bid to the 2027 NCAA tournament.
The 2027 MAC tournament will be held at Rocket Arena for the 28th consecutive season. The venue, located in downtown Cleveland at One Center Court, is the home of the Cleveland Cavaliers of the National Basketball Association (NBA) and has a seating capacity for basketball of 19,432.
Eight out of the twelve MAC teams will qualify for the tournament. Teams will be seeded by record within the conference, with a tiebreaker system to seed teams with identical conference records.
The 2026–27 Primera Premier season is part of the third-tier football league of Mexico. The tournament will begin on 29 August 2026 and will finish on May 2027.
This is the inaugural season of this branch of the Liga Premier de México, Primera Premier became its top branch, established with the sole aim of including teams eligible for promotion to the Liga de Expansión MX.
On 27 June 2026, Irapuato returned to the Liga Premier after a year in the Liga de Expansión, as the club was forced to start a new project following the conflict between the civil association that owns the name and brand rights and the company that owned the club between 2023 and 2026.
On 1 August 2026, Atlético Celaya, Chapulineros de Oaxaca, Cordobés, Deportiva Venados, Inter Playa del Carmen, Jaguares, La Piedad, Lobos ULMX, Los Cabos United, Montañeses, Pioneros de Cancún, Racing de Veracruz, Tapachula, Tigres de Álica, Tritones Vallarta and Zacatepec were promoted from Liga Premier A as the teams in that branch have the best conditions to qualify for promotion to Liga de Expansión MX.
On 10 August 2026, H2O Purépechas joined the league taking the place of Halcones F.C., which had been announced as a founding club of the league.
On 14 August 2026, Racing de Veracruz was relocated from Boca del Río, Veracruz to San Juan Bautista Tuxtepec, Oaxaca because the club was left without a stadium in Veracruz following the closure of the Unidad Deportiva Hugo Sánchez in February 2026.
Each team will play 26 matches during the season: 16 against their group rivals, playing both home and away, and ten matches against opponents from the other group.
The four best teams of each group play two games against each other on a home-and-away basis. The higher seeded teams play on their home field during the second leg. The winner of each match up is determined by aggregate score. In the quarterfinals and semifinals, if the two teams are tied on aggregate the higher seeded team advances. In the final, if the two teams are tied after both legs, the match goes to extra time and, if necessary, a penalty shoot-out.
In 1505, Shah Ismail's brother Ibrahim set out with an army of 3,000 men to plunder Selim's province; however, the Safavid army was routed, and Selim pursued them as far as Erzincan, slaughtering many and seizing their weapons and ammunition.
In 1507, the Safavids, under the command of Shah Ismail, launched a new raid into Anatolia against Ala al-Dawla Bozkurt of the Dulkadirids. This constituted a violation of Ottoman sovereignty, considering that Shah Ismail had encroached upon Ottoman territory and recruited Turkmen warriors, who were Ottoman subjects into his army.
The following year, Selim led a campaign against the Georgian states Imereti and Guria, capturing western Georgia and incorporating Imereti and Guria into Ottoman territory. In 1510, Shah Ismail's brother returned to Trabzon with an army but was defeated by Selim.
The Brovary disaster occurred on 20 April 2000 in the city of Brovary, Kyiv Oblast, when a training-combat surface-to-surface missile of the Tochka-U complex, launched from the Honcharivske training ground during military exercises, deviated from its planned course and, after flying 90 km, struck a nine-storey residential building. The missile did not have an explosive warhead; as a result of the missile strike, three people were killed and five others were wounded.
For four days after the disaster, until 23 April, the Ministry of Defence of Ukraine, led by Oleksandr Kuzmuk, refused to acknowledge that its missile had struck the residential building.
The Tochka-U missile launched at Brovary was partly a training missile: it had a training warhead with a live engine, which is why it lacked the self-destruct system that activates on course deviations; that system is present only in combat versions of the missile.
If a combat version of the missile had struck the building it hit and neighboring structures, little would have remained. The choice between a training and a combat missile was random; similar exercises had previously been conducted with combat versions of the Tochka-U.
The mobile system weighs 18 tonnes, and the missile itself 2 tonnes. The missile is 6.4 m long and 65 cm in diameter. Its flight altitude ranges from 6 to 26 km, and its range from 15 to 120 km. The warhead weight (or the weight of its training equivalent) is 480 kg. Its flight speed is 2,520 km/h.
In the USSR, the missile system was in service from the late 1980s and is still considered a high-precision weapon. Its storage life is 10 years, and its technical service life is 15 years.
The specific 9M79 missile that hit the building was manufactured on 6 July 1990 at the Votkinsk military plant in Soviet Russia. The missile brigade received it from a storage base on 14 April 2000.
Two and a half months remained before the manufacturer's warranty period expired. Before signing for receipt of the missile, it was checked for serviceability using an automated control and test machine "V9-819". On the 95th operation, the equipment detected a failure of the discrete-analog computing device—that is, the missile control system. Base personnel replaced the faulty unit within an hour. The missile was checked again, and no faults were found.
On 19 April it was loaded onto a transport vehicle and taken to the firing range. During the journey they stopped and checked the reliability of the mountings. At the range it was reloaded onto the launcher, and the crew chief, who took responsibility for the missile, checked it again on the launcher; the missile was serviceable.
The "unlucky" missile was launched by a crew of the 9K79 Tochka-U tactical missile system belonging to the 123rd Rocket Brigade, which was stationed in Konotop. Based on the results of a 1999 inspection, this missile brigade was recognized as the best in the Ground Forces of the Armed Forces of Ukraine.
The building at 3 Nezalezhnosti Boulevard, built in 1975, was one of the first nine-storey buildings in Brovary. It was built of brick for workers of the Brovary powder metallurgy plant. The building was located 84 km from the Honcharivske training ground.
On the ground floor of the entrance hit by the missile were the Brovary passport office and, later, an office of the State Migration Service of Ukraine; fortunately, that office was not working on the day of the disaster.
The missile impact site was only 200 metres from the city centre — the modern Freedom Square — and 80 m from the Brovary City Council.
The planned exercises, which took place on 20 April 2000 at the Honcharivske training ground, involved 300 people and more than 70 vehicles. Eighteen firing units competed for the honour of taking part. Ordinary soldiers tried to get there in any role—even as cooks or support workers. The training ground was located 250 km from the unit's base, so to save money only 50 soldiers in 10 vehicles were able to go. Two Tochka-U missile launchers also went.
The 25-year-old senior lieutenant who commanded the launch was given the target coordinates on the spot. He entered them into the computer, and the machine made the subsequent calculations automatically. For safety, the calculation result was checked once more by a control group of the Main Directorate of Missile Troops and Artillery. The planned target was located 31 km from the launch site, at the Desna training ground.
The missile was launched at 15:05, and the launch was successful. Later, during the 12th second of flight, the military noticed an unusual small flash on the missile's body, but paid no attention to it. After that, the missile went off course and flew 90 km in the direction of Brovary.
After the missile launch, the firing crew had to leave the launch positions immediately. According to the exercise scenario, the launcher was practically unprotected and could have been hit by the enemy. Therefore, half an hour later, after carrying out technical work, the brigade immediately set off on the return march to Konotop. Also, before the march, the launch participants were presented with award watches; they were presented by the deputy commander of the Northern Operational Command.
At about 15:11, an explosion occurred in entrance no. 2 of the multi-storey building at 3 Nezalezhnosti Boulevard. The explosion damaged the 2nd to 9th floors. The other entrances did not suffer significant damage. The explosion was heard within a radius of 20 km, and in neighbouring buildings the shock wave blew out windows.
The source of the explosion was the impact of a Tochka-U missile on the building. It began its descent at an altitude of about 8 km, and its fall speed was about 2,500 km/h. When the missile hit the building, its weight was 1.1 tonnes. The force of the impact turned the missile into large fragments. A large round hole formed in the roof of the building and pierced through the entire entrance.
Militsiya and rescuers from the Ministry of Emergency Situations arrived at the scene at 15:16, four minutes after the call. They began clearing the rubble and searching for people underneath. The search and rescue operations were carried out by the Kyiv Civil Defence Brigade, consisting of 26 people, an emergency rescue detachment of the Ministry of Emergency Situations with 19 people, and 7 representatives of the operational rescue service of Kyiv, who arrived at the scene at 17:35.
Access to the entrance within a radius of 50 m was blocked. Berkut officers and police officers stood in the cordon. Apartment windows from the second to the ninth floor were shattered. The entire courtyard and, on the other side, all the open space up to 30 metres, as far as the roadway of the boulevard, were strewn with tiny glass fragments. On the trees near the building hung window curtains, blankets, and even one quilted blanket thrown out by the explosion. As a result of the tragedy, two women and one man died. Five people were taken to hospital with injuries of varying severity.
Immediately after the missile launch to the Desnianskyi training ground, a control group of the Main Directorate of the Ground Forces went to check whether the missile had hit the planned target. In the evening, when the troops had already returned from the exercises in Konotop, the control group reported that they had found missile fragments 8 metres from a reinforced concrete slab that served as the target. This is considered a very good result.
For the Tochka-U, a deviation from the target of up to 150 m is rated "excellent", up to 200 m "good", and up to 250 m "satisfactory". It later became known that these were fragments of missiles from old exercises.
Until 21 April, the Ministry of Defence of Ukraine ruled out the possibility that the explosion could have been caused by a missile launched during the exercises.
As stated by the head of the information group of the Ministry of Defence press service, Ihor Khalyavinskyi, commenting on reports from sources that the explosion could have been caused by a missile strike, on Thursday a single sanctioned missile launch was carried out in the Armed Forces of Ukraine at the Honcharivske training ground in Chernihiv Oblast, 130 km from Brovary:
The launch was carried out at 15:05, and at 15:07, 30 kilometres from the launch site, the missile hit the target. At the same time, a deviation from the centre of the target of 8 metres was recorded, which in this case, according to the standards, is considered an excellent indicator for the launch of such a powerful missile.
One of the main versions of the cause of the explosion of the residential building in the city of Brovary, Kyiv Oblast, is the explosion of a missile that fell on the building. According to experts, the missile, having fallen on the building, broke through the floors from the 9th to the 2nd floor, where it exploded. The origin of the missile is unknown. The police believe that the cause of the explosion in the Brovary building was a planted explosive device.
Exactly 24 hours after the missile launch, at 15:07 on 21 April, the Minister of Defence Oleksandr Kuzmuk, who was at the Tarutyne training ground (Odesa Oblast), was informed for the first time that the cause of the tragedy in Brovary might have been the impact of a missile that fell vertically from a height of 8 km. The reason for the report was a plate found at the site with the code of the Tochka-U missile — "9M79".
The version that the explosion in the entrance of the residential building in Brovary was caused by a surface-to-surface missile launched during exercises from the Honcharivske training ground in Chernihiv Oblast is confirmed, Interfax-Ukraine reports. However, conclusions about the cause of the explosion must be made by the investigative commission headed by the Deputy Minister of Internal Affairs of Ukraine.
If experts come to the final conclusion that the Ministry of Defence is to blame for the explosion, then the Ministry of Defence will be the first to acknowledge this.
On Sunday evening, during the television programme "Epitsentr" (1+1 studio), the press secretary of the Minister of Defence, Serhiy Nahorianskyi, stated that the Ministry of Defence of Ukraine acknowledged that the cause of the tragedy in Brovary, which killed three people and left five with injuries of varying severity, was the hit on the nine-storey building by a training surface-to-surface missile.
According to a statement by the Interfax-Ukraine agency, Volodymyr Tereshchenko, commander of the missile troops and artillery of the Armed Forces, answering the question why, for four days after the tragedy, the Ministry of Defence did not acknowledge that it was a "training-combat" missile that hit the building, explained that "there were many doubts."
According to him, at a distance of 80–90 km (the distance from the Honcharivske training ground to Brovary), the missile flies at an altitude of about 8,000 metres, and the speed at which it hits the target is 600–700 m/s. When the missile hits a building, its weight is 1.1 tonnes. An impact of such force turns the missile into large fragments, and it is difficult to prove immediately that it was a missile. "Only a few small pieces confirm and give the right and confidence to understand that this is our missile, launched from the training ground," he said.
Recalling the initial information from the Ministry of Defence press service that the missile hit a target located 30 km from the launch site, the military noted that at the site a control group of officers did indeed find a crater "characteristic of the impact site of such a missile." "We believed in the reliability of this missile system more than in ourselves," Tereshchenko said at the time.
Ukraine's minister of defence Oleksandr Kuzmuk made a statement in which he ruled out the involvement of the "human factor" in the failures of the systems of the surface-to-surface missile fired on 20 April from the Honcharivske training ground that hit a residential building in Brovary, indicating that among the causes that led to the tragedy were a failure (malfunction) of the power supply system, a failure (malfunction) of hydraulic drives and the failure of a pump or depressurisation of high-pressure pipelines, and a failure (malfunction) of the discrete-analog computing device.
On 24 April, another exercise was to be held at the Zhytomyr training ground with the presence of the military leadership and Supreme Commander-in-Chief Leonid Kuchma. At the last moment it became known that the president would not go to the exercise. The official version was that weather forecasters predicted bad weather, which would limit the ability of combat aviation to carry out tasks.
Military experts clearly name as one of the possible causes of the surface-to-surface missile hitting a residential building in Brovary the explosion of the gas generator of the missile's power supply system, which failed during flight. According to the commission, an explosion occurred in the gas generator, which is located in the tail section and is a propellant charge (grain). As a result, the missile became "uncontrolled and continued its flight as a freely thrown body at an angle to the horizon."
From my side it would have been dishonest to make a noble public-relations gesture: you see what a strong person I am. By doing so I would have abandoned my troops, my staff; with so-called nobility I would have hidden behind this tragedy. I decided for myself to drink this bitter cup to the dregs.
On the same day, the military found the rear section of the 9K79 missile together with an aerodynamic control surface 2 km from the launch position of the 5th battery at the Honcharivske training ground. This once again confirmed the version of an onboard explosion and uncontrolled flight of the missile after 12 seconds from the moment of launch.
After the tragedy, Lieutenant General Volodymyr Tereshchenko, commander of the Rocket Forces and Artillery, and Colonel Heorhiy Kornieiev, an officer of the combat training group, were dismissed, and Lieutenant General Valeriy Pashynskyi, first deputy commander of the Northern Operational Command, was demoted.
For several months after the tragedy, local residents brought wreaths and fresh flowers to the destroyed entrance in memory of the victims of the disaster.
On 25 April, the victims of the explosion were paid 2,000 hryvnias in compensation, and the families of the dead were paid 5,000 hryvnias. The 96 evacuees from the 16 destroyed apartments were resettled to a new building on Hrushevskoho Street.
The destroyed entrance was completely restored by 2001, and the apartments in it were transferred to military officers. No trace of the missile remained; only the new walls were made 15 cm wider.
The 2026–27 season was the Thirteenth season in Kerala Blasters FC's existence, as well as their Thirteenth season in the Indian Super League. In addition to the domestic league, the club will also competing in the Indian Super Cup.
Ahmad Amin Nazar (Persian: احمد امین‌نظر; 1955 – March 2026) was an Iranian painter, draughtsman, printmaker and art educator. His largely figurative work combined expressive drawing with references to Persian painting, calligraphy, mythology and literature.
After studying fine art in Tehran, Amin Nazar spent approximately eight years in Germany, where he encountered European Neo-expressionism and joined an artists' association in Cologne. He later returned to Iran, where he taught drawing and painting both at universities and privately. Among the younger artists who studied privately with him were brothers Rokni Haerizadeh and Ramin Haerizadeh. The British Museum describes Amin Nazar as an influential painter in its biography of Rokni Haerizadeh.
Amin Nazar was born in Abadan in 1955. He attended a fine arts high school before studying at the Faculty of Fine Arts of the University of Tehran, where his teachers included Hannibal Alkhas and Mohsen Vaziri-Moghaddam.
During his student years he was interested in the work of Francisco Goya, Honoré Daumier and Eugène Delacroix. In a later interview he described his early concern with avoiding direct imitation and developing an individual approach to drawing and painting.
He began making etchings while at university. Some of his prints were included in an international print exhibition at the Tehran Museum of Contemporary Art in 1985.
In 1986 Amin Nazar left Iran, initially travelling to Paris and subsequently settling in Germany. He lived in Cologne, joined the local BBK artists' association and was exposed to contemporary European painting, particularly Neo-expressionism.
An exhibition text published by e-flux describes his period in Germany as lasting eight years. He returned to Iran in the mid-1990s and resumed his artistic and teaching activities in Tehran.
Amin Nazar's practice was strongly based in drawing. Line remained a central element from his early etchings to his later paintings and large works on paper.
His paintings are predominantly figurative. Recurring imagery includes wrestlers, mythical heroes, divs or demons, masks and figures derived from Iranian visual and literary traditions. These subjects are combined with an expressive pictorial language shaped partly by his experience of European modern and Neo-expressionist painting.
Iranian painting, calligraphy and Persian literature also provided visual and conceptual sources for his work. Rather than reproducing historical forms directly, Amin Nazar incorporated them into a contemporary language based on gestural drawing and the expressive potential of the human figure.
In 2010 Amin Nazar presented his first solo exhibition in Dubai, The Centre Cannot Hold, at Gallery Isabelle van den Eynde. The paintings featured wrestlers, demonic masks and dark figurative scenes combining references to Iranian traditions with the history of European painting.
Amin Nazar's 2012–2013 exhibition Salto at Gallery Isabelle van den Eynde marked a shift away from the heroes, demons and mythological imagery prominent in some of his earlier paintings.
The exhibition consisted primarily of large works on paper depicting intertwined bodies in motion. Writer and curator Vali Mahlouji compared Amin Nazar's rapid, exploratory brushwork with the primi pensieri and disegni of Renaissance and Old Master traditions. The works could often be viewed from several orientations, changing the perceived relationship between the intertwined figures.
Amin Nazar taught for a period at the Tehran School of Visual Arts before leaving Iran. After returning, he taught at Islamic Azad University in Tehran and at an art university in Yazd.
He also conducted private drawing classes. Rokni Haerizadeh and Ramin Haerizadeh studied with him in Tehran. The British Museum's biography of Rokni Haerizadeh describes Amin Nazar as an “influential painter” whose private tutorials were attended by both brothers.
His work was also shown in Tehran painting biennials and group exhibitions, as well as international art fairs including Abu Dhabi Art and The Armory Show in New York.
His work has also appeared at international auctions. In 2015, Bonhams offered two mixed-media works on paper from 2010, including Officers. His works have appeared repeatedly at the Tehran Auction.
In 2010 a book of Amin Nazar's work titled Metamorphosis (Persian: دگردیسی) was published in Tehran by Nazar Publications. The volume combined reproductions of his paintings with historical photographs, artworks and textual sources that informed his practice; its graphic design was by Reza Abedini.
Amin Nazar's death was reported on 10 March 2026. He was 70. The Iranian Students' News Agency reported that he had died at his home and that acquaintances subsequently discovered his death.
The 2026 One-Day Cup Final was a List A cricket match played at the Trent Bridge in Nottingham, on 20 September 2026 to determine the winner of the 2026 One-Day Cup. It was played between Leicestershire Foxes and Middlesex.
The 2023 Youth Sailing World Championships took place in Búzios, Brazil from 8 to 16 December. It was the 52nd edition of the Youth Sailing World Championships.
Cape Timiris (Cap Timiris in French), or Râs Timirist, is a headland on the Atlantic Ocean coast of Mauritania, roughly 160 kilometres (99 mi) north by air from Nouakchott, south of Tidra Island, near the settlement of Nouamghar (El Mamghar). It lies at the southern edge of the Banc d'Arguin National Park, an Important Bird Area. The lagoons of the cape provide shallow waters for birds, particularly waders. The cape contains a nearby observatory.
Cape Timiris is a headland on the Atlantic Ocean coast of Mauritania, roughly 157 kilometres (98 mi) north by air from Nouakchott, south of Tidra Island, and roughly 32 miles (51 km) south of Cape Juick. The cape marks the southern boundary of the Banc d'Arguin National Park, an internationally designated Important Bird Area. The settlement of Nouâmghâr, located at the entrance to the cape, to the south, serves as one of the access points to the park. There is a headland and an island, Île de Hossam, at Cape Timiris.
The central ridge of the area consists of numerous small sand dunes. Sand hills lie between the cape and the dune of Piton de Chedallah, 33 miles (53 km) to the southeast. Lagoons to the west and north of the cape provide shallow waters where birds, particularly waders, can forage, and the vicinity is rich in mangroves. The Baie de Saint Jean lies between the cape and Presqui'ile de Thila, 4 miles (6.4 km) to the northeast. The Imraguen people fish in the area.
Zühlsdorff, C.; Wien, K.; Stuut, J.-B.W.; Henrich, R. (2007). "Late Quaternary sedimentation within a submarine channel–levee system offshore Cap Timiris, Mauritania". Marine Geology. 240 (1–4): 217–234. Bibcode:2007MGeol.240..217Z. doi:10.1016/j.margeo.2007.02.005.
Wien, Katharina; Holz, Christine; Kölling, Martin; Schulz, Horst D. (2006). "Age models for pelagites and turbidites from the Cap Timiris Canyon off Mauritania". Marine and Petroleum Geology. 23 (3): 337–352. Bibcode:2006MarPG..23..337W. doi:10.1016/j.marpetgeo.2005.10.005.
On 30 December 2022, a 17-year-old girl was chased and attacked by a crowd of hundreds of men and teenage boys in the Hawana area of Sulaymaniyah, in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq, after attending an informal motorcycle stunt-riding gathering. Video of the attack, in which she was chased and kicked, circulated widely on social media and prompted condemnation from Kurdistan Regional Government officials and women's rights groups. Sulaimani police arrested 16 people within a day, rising to 19 by 2 January 2023.
Motorbike riders gathered weekly in the Hawana area of Sulaymaniyah for informal stunt shows. Women had previously attended these gatherings, but organisers had recently begun excluding them. Sulaimani police spokesman Sarkawt Ahmed said the girl was a Sulaymaniyah resident who had attended the gathering before, as were all of those initially arrested. The girl was Iranian. Kurdistan 24 reported that her participation in the gathering caused a dispute among the organisers before she was attacked by a group of boys.
Ahmed said three girls were harassed at the event on 30 December, but video of only one of them, then aged 17, spread online and became the basis of the case. Arab News and Kurdistan 24 described dozens of young men and teenage boys chasing her, while LBC described the crowd that surrounded her as hundreds of men. Footage showed the crowd chasing her before some of them kicked and beat her against a car; her injuries were not considered life-threatening. A man who intervened on her behalf was stabbed.
Police arrested 16 men within a day of the attack; those detained confessed to taking part, and weapons were confiscated from them. Weapons found on some detainees included machetes, knives, and daggers.
Three of the detainees had filmed the attack themselves and posted it online. On 2 January 2023, police said three more people had been arrested, bringing the total to 19, and that the girl had filed a lawsuit against several of those involved. Police also said they planned to shut down the unlicensed rally site.
Kurdistan Region Prime Minister Masrour Barzani condemned the attack in a statement, calling it "shameful, inexcusable and completely unacceptable," and said he had spoken with the interior and justice ministers to investigate and hold those responsible accountable.
The Kurdistan Regional Government called the attack "disgraceful". Government spokesman Jotiar Adil said it followed a separate assault in Sulaymaniyah province days earlier and that "these incidents are unacceptable." Rewaz Faeq, Speaker of the Kurdistan Parliament, said the assault was the result of "a barbaric narrative used systematically against our women." Journalist Dilan Sirwan called it "a pure failure of education" in the region.
The attack drew renewed attention to gender-based violence in Sulaymaniyah, a city often described as one of the more socially liberal in the Kurdistan Region. A local anti-trafficking and women's rights foundation recorded at least 24 women killed in gender-based violence in the region in the first half of 2022. The case was also covered by Arab outlets including Al Jazeera and Sky News Arabia.
The 19th World Aquatics Artistic Swimming Junior Championships were held from 12 to 16 August 2026 at Duna Arena in Budapest, Hungary. The competition is open to females between 15 and 19 years of age, and males between 15 and 20 years of age, inclusive, per their age at the end of the 2026 calendar year.
Afsar Ali Khan was an airman in the Bangladesh Air Force and communist activist who led the 1977 Bangladesh Air Force mutiny. Following the suppression of the uprising, Afsar was executed, along with over 1,000 other members of the armed forces.
Afsar, who was stationed in Pakistan during the Bangladesh Liberation War, escaped to Bangladesh in 1972 via Afghanistan and India. Upon joining the Bangladesh Air Force, Afsar was put in charge of a mess, and was eventually promoted from corporal to sergeant.
While working in the air force, Afsar became involved with the Communist Party of East Bengal, and regularly attended political lessons on Marxist-Leninist theory. Afsar also held meetings with other pro-communist airmen in the barracks. Furthermore, Afsar established contact with JSD member Corporal Altaf, who was from the army.
During the early hours of 2 October 1977, several hundred members of the Bangladesh Air Force and Signal Corps of Bangladesh Army staged an insurrection against the government of Ziaur Rahman. This uprising took place while the government was negotiating with members of the Japanese Red Army, who had hijacked a plane and forced it to land at Dhaka airport. The mutineers killed 11 air force officers and 10 soldiers of the army during the course of the uprising.
In an interview with journalist Anwar Kabir, ex-chief of the Bangladesh Air Force A.G. Mahmud, claimed that Afsar forced many military personnel to participate in the uprising:Firing blank shots in the air, he "hijacked" them [the military personnel] and brought them with him An eyewitness claimed that he saw a group of air force officers being lined up against a wall to be executed by firing squad, on Afsar's orders. However, another mutineer intervened and asked Afsar to spare the officers, which Afsar agreed to.
By 5 am, the government radio station was captured by the mutineers, and Afsar announced that a revolution had taken place and declared himself head of state. However, the insurrection was put down by government loyalist troops by 8 am, and many mutineers fled. Despite other mutineers urging Afsar to flee, he refused, as he did not want to betray the captured mutineers.
While imprisoned in Dhaka Central Jail, Afsar met Anwar Hossain, the younger brother of Lt. Colonel Abu Taher. When asked about the motives for the insurrection, Afsar stated that he was inspired by the events of 7 November 1975, and that many of the demands of the 12-point charter presented to Zia during that earlier uprising had not been implemented.
The 1981 Mississippi State Bulldogs baseball team represented Mississippi State University in the 1981 NCAA Division I baseball season. They were led by head coach Ron Polk in his sixth season and played their home games at Dudy Noble Field. The Bulldogs were members of the Southeastern Conference, and finished with a record of 46–17, co-champions of the SEC West with a record of 17–6.
Mississippi State was invited to the NCAA Tournament, where they won the Atlantic Regional to advance to their third College World Series. The Bulldogs tied for fifth, recording an opening round win against Michigan and losses to eventual champion Arizona State and semifinalist South Carolina.
The 2026 World Championship Qualifier Men is a new curling event introduced by World Curling as part of major structural changes implemented for the 2026–2030 Olympic cycle. Six teams from this event will qualify for the 2027 World Men's Curling Championship, they will join the twelve teams that already qualified from the 2026 World Men's Curling Championship to create the newly expanded eighteen team field. This event wil be held in Aberdeen, Scotland on November 8 to 13.
The sixteen teams that qualified for this event through their placements at 2026 World Men's Curling Championship, 2025 Pan Continental Curling Championships, 2025 European Curling Championships, World Ranking, or 2026 World Championship Pre-Qualifier. They are competing to be one of six teams to join Sweden, Canada, Scotland, United States, Switzerland, Italy, China, Japan, Germany, South Korea, Czech Republic and Poland at the 2027 World Men's Curling Championship. Four teams will be relegated to the 2027 World Championship Pre-Qualifier.
The 2010 Kansas Attorney General election was held on November 2, 2010, to elect the Kansas Attorney General. Democratic incumbent Stephen Six, who was appointed in 2008 following Paul J. Morrison's resignation, ran for election to a full term but was defeated by Republican Kansas Senate Majority Leader Derek Schmidt by a margin of thirteen percentage points.
Qualification for the 2026 League of Legends World Championship is taking place from August to October 2026, qualifying nineteen (19) teams for the final tournament. The six Tier 1 regional leagues are expected to have representation at the tournament.
As the winner of the 2026 Mid-Season Invitational (MSI), Hanwha Life Esports of the League of Legends Champions Korea (LCK) received an automatic slot in the tournament, provided it qualified for its league's playoffs; this was confirmed on 15 August 2026. By virtue of being the second-best-performing region at MSI, China's League of Legends Pro League (LPL) also earned an additional slot to the World Championship.
Outside of the berths from MSI, the League of Legends Champions Korea (LCK), League of Legends Championship Pacific (LCP), League Championship Series, (LCS), League of Legends EMEA Championship (LEC), and the League of Legends Pro League (LPL) will produce three (3) qualified teams each, while the Campeonato Brasileiro de League of Legends (CBLOL) will qualify two (2) teams.
Nineteen teams participated in the World Championship, with each team sending a roster of five players. No details on rules regarding substitute players have been released yet.
Five regional leagues, namely the LCK, LCP, LCS, LEC, and LPL, will distribute three (3) quotas each, while the CBLOL will allocate two (2), making a total of seventeen (17) berths.
As qualification to the World Championship is part of each regional league's season, namely the third split, each league decides its own formats and qualification methods. The LCP and the LPL are the only two leagues to qualify teams for the tournament via the championship points system, with the LPL additionally utilizing a regional qualifier bracket.
The remaining two slots were attributed to results gained at the 2026 Mid-Season Invitational, with the winning team earning a berth to the World Championship, provided it reached the playoffs of its region's third split. Meanwhile, the second best-performing region at MSI also received an additional berth.
Qualification began on 2 August and is expected to end on 3 October, with the last qualified team coming from the CBLOL. The dates are inclusive, either from the beginning until the end of each league's playoff phase or from the date when the first team from one region qualifies until the end of the season.
Since 2024, the MSI Champion is assured of a spot at the League of Legends World Championship provided it qualified for its region's playoffs during the third split. Hanwha Life Esports' victory over Bilibili Gaming reserved its spot in the tournament, but was not formalized yet at the time of victory due to the above-mentioned condition.
After MSI 2026, Hanwha Life Esports was provisionally qualified for the World Championship, but its qualification for the LCK playoffs will confirm its place in the event. With their 2-1 win over KT Rolster, the team secured its slot in the tournament for the sixth time and the third under its current name, meeting the qualification conditions for the MSI winner.
Team Secret Whales previously won the first two splits of the season, placing them at first place in championship points. The team's victory over CTBC Flying Oyster secured a 3-0 swiss stage record, qualifying for playoffs and securing enough championship points to qualify for the World Championship, as it assured of at least a top three ranking in the said category. Later, Team Secret Whales qualified as a finalist of the 2026 LCP Split 3 Playoffs after the team's victory over CTBC Flying Oyster in Upper Bracket Final.
MVK Esports' victory over GAM Esports secured at least a top three ranking in the championship points, qualifying for the World Championship. Should it qualify as a finalist, the next team with the most championship points will qualify.
Bilibili Gaming finished as winners of the previous two splits of the season, putting them at first in championship points heading into the third split. The team's win over TT Gaming secured at least a top two ranking in the said category, qualifying for its fourth consecutive World Championship. Should it win the 2026 LPL season, the next team with the most championship points will qualify.
The 2026 V-League Collegiate Challenge is the fifth season of the revival of the V-League of the Philippines. The tournament started on August 15, 2026, at the Gameville Central Park in Mandaluyong, with both divisions having eight competing teams.
The preliminary round is a single round-robin tournament, with each team playing one match against all other teams for a total of seven matches. Teams are ranked using the FIVB Ranking System.
Mahweet University or Al-Mahwit University (جامعة المحويت) is a public university located in Al Mahwit Governorate, Yemen. Officially established as an independent higher education institution in 2022, the university aims to provide quality education, advance scientific research, and serve the local community.
The early nucleus of the university dates back to the 1992/1993 academic year with the establishment of the Faculty of Education in the city of Al Mahwit. At that time, the faculty was affiliated with Sana'a University and served as the primary higher education provider for the governorate for several decades.
In August/September 2022 (1444 AH), recognizing the academic and developmental needs of the region, Republican Decree No. (9) was issued to officially establish Mahweet University as an independent public university. This decree unified the existing educational infrastructure and led to the establishment of new faculties, such as the Faculty of Administrative and Human Sciences, and the Faculty of Medicine and Health Sciences, to expand the range of academic disciplines available to students.
Lepage swims at the collegiate level for the University of Calgary. She was named the 2023 Canada West Women's Swimmer of the Year and Rookie of the Year. At the 2026 Canada West championships, she won gold in the 50, 100 and 200 metre breaststroke, as well as the 400 metre individual medley, while contributing to three silver medal relay finishes. She continued her success at the U SPORTS championships, where she established new Canadian records in the 50 and 100 metre breaststroke. She concluded nationals with four individual gold medals and three relay silver medals. She was subsequently named the 2026 University of Calgary Athlete of the Year.
In August 2026, she competed at the 2026 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships and won a gold medal in the 200 metre breaststroke with a time of 2:21.73.
The 2002 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 7 to August 14, 2002. Ten teams, four international teams and six from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship.
This is the first softball World Series to involve ten participants, with the South Region splitting into the Southeast and Southwest regions, and the addition of the Host Region (Oregon District 4).
Airi Ebina (蝦名愛梨, Ebina Airi; born 25 November 2001) is a Japanese swimmer who specializes in open water swimming. She represented Japan at the 2024 Summer Olympics.
Ebina competed at the 2022 Asian Games, which were postponed until October 2023, and won a silver medal in the 10 kilometre marathon event with a time of 2:03:44.9. In August 2024, she represented Japan at the 2024 Summer Olympics and finished in 13th place in the 10 km open water marathon with a time of 2:06:17.7.
In August 2026, she competed at 2026 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships and won a silver medal in the 10 kilometre open water marathon with a time of 1:55:59.
Agostina Hein (born 24 April 2008) is an Argentine swimmer specializing in individual medley and freestyle. She holds three South American records in 800 metres freestyle, 200 m medley, and 400 m medley. She won gold in the 400 m medley at the 2025 World Aquatics Junior Swimming Championships. At the 2026 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, she finished third in the 400 m medley, breaking her own national and continental record.
Hein started swimming at age three and was competing by age seven with Club Ciudad de Campana. At age 11, she started working with coach Sebastián Montero, who she followed to SER Natación Alto Rendimiento de Zárate, her current club.
In 2022, at age 14, Hein participated in the 2022 South American Games, her first major international competition. She won silver in the 4 × 200 metre freestyle relay with the Argentine team.
Andrew "Andy" Sansom (born 1945) is an American conservationist, academic, author, and former government administrator whose career has focused on conservation of natural resources, parks, wildlife, environmental education, and water in Texas. He has also written extensively about Texas conservation and environmental history.
Sansom served as executive director of the Texas chapter of The Nature Conservancy from 1982 to 1987 and was executive director of Texas Parks and Wildlife Department from 1990 to 2001. He later established and directed the River Systems Institute at Texas State University, which became the Meadows Center for Water and the Environment.
During his career Sansom helped to acquire and protect hundreds of thousands of acres of land in Texas. His work has led to the acquisition of Big Bend Ranch State Park and the conservation of land that became part of Big Bend National Park. A 2024 biography by Laura Raun characterized him as a major figure in the history of Texas conservation.
Sansom was born in 1945 and grew up in Lake Jackson, Texas, in Brazoria County. His father, a Navy veteran, worked for Dow Chemical as a research chemist and patent attorney, while his mother was a teacher. As a child, Sansom spent considerable time fishing, swimming, hunting, exploring the outdoors, and participating in scouting. His family's visits to natural and historic sites contributed to his early interest in outdoor recreation and conservation. After graduating from Brazosport High School in 1964, Sansom initially attended Austin College in Sherman, Texas.
While at Austin College he had doubts about the usefulness of the curriculum. When he learned that Texas Tech University had a program on wildlife and outdoor recreation management, he transferred to Texas Tech University, where he studied parks and recreation administration, graduating cum laude in 1969.
After graduating from Texas Tech, Sansom joined the National Recreation and Park Association in Washington, D.C., where he served as executive secretary of its student branch. In 1970 he attended the White House Conference on Youth in Estes Park, Colorado. Following the conference, he became a special assistant to United States Secretary of the Interior Rogers Morton.
In 1974, Sansom became director of conservation education at the Federal Energy Administration, where he was responsibile for the agency's "Don't be Fuelish" campaign. After the change in presidential administrations in 1976, he returned to Texas and became deputy director of the Energy Institute at the University of Houston. Some of his projects were on passive solar technology and energy efficiency.
In 1979, Sansom entered the private sector as vice president for development of the Old River Company, a consortium planning an offshore bulk-liquids terminal near Freeport, Texas. His responsibilities included environmental affairs, public affairs, and marketing. The project was ultimately abandoned amid changes in energy markets and economics.
In 1974 Sansom worked with elected officials and environmental leaders in Texas to create the Big Thicket National Preserve. Later he was instrumental in initiating the transformation of Matagorda Island from a military training ground to a wildlife refuge.
Sansom was involved in protecting whooping cranes on the Texas coast. His first efforts began in 1972 while working for the Interior Secretary. When he leaked his findings from a study of cranes on Matagorda Island to the media the story was covered by CBS’ “60 Minutes”. Reportedly this lead to his termination.
In 1994 he tried again and when Texas Parks and Wildlife combined the state's natural area with the federal government's Matagorda Island National Wildlife Refuge it accomplished his objective: a refuge for the whopping cranes.
Sansom accelerated the use of land trusts in Texas in the 1980s after the federal Highway Beautification Act, championed by Lady Bird Johnson had created “scenic easements”. These could be used to achieve conservation objectives and were legally enabled by land trusts.
In 1982, Sansom became executive director of the Texas chapter of The Nature Conservancy, which sought to protect ecologically significant lands through acquisition and conservation agreements. While Sansom led The Nature Conservancy approximately 300,000 acres of land were protected.
Among the conservation projects associated with Sansom during this period were the protection of Honey Creek, coastal wetlands, and portions of the Blackland Prairie. He also helped arrange the transfer of approximately 57,000 acres of West Texas land to the National Park Service, contributing to the expansion of Big Bend National Park.
Sansom encouraged negotiations among government agencies, private landowners, conservation organizations, and other interests. His career was marked by the use of land transactions and partnerships to achieve conservation objectives in a state where private property interests play a significant role in public policy.
Sansom joined the Texas Parks and Wildlife Department in 1987 as coordinator of land acquisition and management. In 1988, he became head of acquisitions. One of his principal accomplishments in that position was brokering the purchase of Big Bend Ranch State Park in West Texas. The acquisition substantially expanded the state's park holdings.
In 1990, Sansom became executive director of TPWD. He held the position for 11 years, overseeing an agency responsible for state parks, wildlife management, fisheries, hunting and fishing regulation, and conservation programs. His tenure followed a period of political and administrative controversy within the agency. Sansom reorganized the department, modernized administrative systems, and sought to diversify its funding sources.
During his tenure, TPWD expanded programs involving conservation education, youth participation in outdoor activities, wildlife management, and public access to parks. The department also developed new facilities and programs, including the Texas Sea Center in Lake Jackson and the Texas Freshwater Fisheries Center in Athens.
Sansom helped establish the Parks and Wildlife Foundation of Texas, which sought private sector financial support for TPWD programs. He also promoted the Texas Wildlife Expo, urban wildlife and outdoor programs, the World Birding Center in the Rio Grande Valley, and the Texas Birding Classic. Under his leadership the TPWF expanded technical assistance available to private landowners for wildlife and habitat management.
His administration was reduced the department's reliance on general state tax revenues by increasing revenue from sources associated with use of parks and wildlife resources. TPWD also undertook a major program to address deferred maintenance in the state park system during his tenure.
Sansom promoted partnerships between TPWD and private landowners. His administration supported legislation intended to encourage landowners to make property available for public recreational use and to provide incentives for wildlife-oriented habitat management.
Sansom retired as TPWD executive director in 2001. Contemporary assessments of his tenure by the state's press, outdoor sports writers, and constituents praised his management of the agency.
Following his retirement from TPWD, Sansom turned to water conservation. He established and directed the River Systems Institute at Texas State University in San Marcos. The institute subsequently became the Meadows Center for Water and the Environment. It focuses on water resources, river systems, environmental research, and public education.
In 1994, Texas State University acquired Spring Lake, the site of the former Aquarena Springs amusement park. Sansom helped develop a partnership between the university and TPWD to transform the site into an environmental education center. In 2002, he accepted an invitation from university president Jerry Supple to direct the River Systems Institute.
At the Meadows Center, Sansom promoted research into environmental flows, the water that passes through river, and streams to bays and estuaries and is a critical part of the ecosystem. He also expanded environmental education programs and supported the Texas Stream Team, a community-science program in which volunteers collect and report water-quality data.
Sansom earned a doctorate in Geographic Education from Texas State University. His dissertation examined the effects of the Meadows Center's environmental education programs on students and teachers and investigated the influence of the university's river and springs environment on students' decisions to attend Texas State.
Sansom stepped down as director of the Meadows Center in 2020 and was succeeded by hydrologist Robert Mace. As of 2026, Sansom was described as mostly retired by journalist Robyn Ross, alhtough he continued teaching a conservation leadership course at Texas State University.
Sansom has written extensively about the natural and cultural resources of Texas. His books include Texas Lost (1995), which examined threatened natural areas and conservation efforts, and Texas Past (1997), which focused on historic sites and the state's cultural heritage. He collaborated with photographer Wyman Meinzer on the books.
Sansom has served in voluntary positions with numerous nonprofit and civic organizations. These included the Brazoria County Parks Board, the Texas Historical Foundation, Bat Conservation International, and KLRU Public Television in Austin. He also founded the Cradle of Texas Conservancy.
Sansom's contributions to conservation have earned him numerous honors throughout his career. In 1993 he received the Pugsley Medal from the American Academy for Park and Recreation Administration. The award recognized his contributions to conservation and park administration.
In 2024 he was the subject of Laura Raun's biography Andrew Sansom: A Life in Conservation, published by Texas A&M University Press. Raun described him as the "Teddy Roosevelt of Texas," a comparison based on his role in protecting large areas of Texas land.
Texas State University's Hillviews magazine described Sansom as a major figure in the development of modern conservation efforts in Texas, while his 2024 biography emphasizes the more than 500,000 acres of parks, preserves, and wildlife-management areas associated with his conservation work.
The 1925–26 Cleveland Rosenblums season was both the Rosenblums' first season of existence as a professional franchise (after previously playing by as early as 1919 in an independent basis under the Rosenblum Credits name) and the first season of existence for the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. The American Basketball League's inaugural season would have nine teams competing in that season (while a tenth team in East Liverpool, Ohio was intended to join the Rosenblums and the other eight teams in question for this season, the East Liverpool team ultimately withdrew operations before the season even began properly, with other failed locations that had submitted entries to start the ABL's inaugural season including Baltimore, Maryland (who eventually got their own team the following season); Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and two more locations in the state of Ohio via Columbus and Camden), though the ABL would compete in a split season format with two half seasons being utilized instead of one whole season being utilized throughout the season (which would be the case throughout the majority of the league's existence in the first place). However, by the time the first half of the season ended and the second half of the season began, the Boston Whirlwinds would be expelled from the ABL due to a dispute over player contracts, which led to the ABL entering the second half of the season with only eight teams remaining in their league this time around. In any case, the first season for the Rosenblums (who sometimes had their team name shortened up into the Rosies) would prove to be an incredibly successful one for the team that was owned by Max Rosenblum. During the first half of the season, Cleveland would be one of the best teams of the entire league with a 10–6 record, which would have the Rosenblums finish that half of the season in third place behind only that of the Washington Palace Five team and the eventual first half champions in the Brooklyn Arcadians. However, the second half of the season would see the Cleveland Rosenblums go nearly undefeated throughout that entire half of the season, as they would lose only one game out of the 14 total games played in that half of the season for an obvious first-place finish for the second half of the season with a nearly undefeated 13–1 record. This would lead to the Rosenblums getting the best overall record of the ABL season with a 23–7 record, with the ABL's inaugural championship series pitting the first half champion Brooklyn Arcadians against the second half champion Cleveland Rosenblums to determine the overall league champions due to the aforementioned split season format, with Cleveland ultimately sweeping the Arcadians with a 3–0 series victory to win the inaugural ABL championship for this season.
Note: Abe Schreiber would not be a part of the team's championship series roster, while Gil Ely from the Detroit Pulaski Post Five team would end up joining the Cleveland Rosenblums for the team's ABL championship series run.
The 1925–26 Boston Whirlwinds season was the first and only professional basketball season of play for the Boston Whirlwinds franchise in the capitol city of Boston, Massachusetts under the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. Despite the Whirlwinds previously playing for as early as at least 1921 and as late as at least 1935, they would end up being one of nine teams to join the newly created league for its inaugural season (while a tenth team in East Liverpool, Ohio was intended to join the Whirlwinds and the other eight teams in question for this season, the East Liverpool team ultimately withdrew operations before the season even began properly, with other failed locations that had submitted entries to start the ABL's inaugural season including Baltimore, Maryland (who eventually got their own team the following season); Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and two more locations in the state of Ohio via Columbus and Camden) in an attempt to have a truly national, professional basketball league. When the Whirlwinds played their first half of the season, the Boston squad ended up playing the first half of what would be the ABL's split season formatting with a 6–10 record, which would not only result in them tying up with the Chicago Bruins and the Detroit Pulaski Post Five squad for a sixth place finish, but also have them be ahead of only the Buffalo Bisons in terms of placements throughout that half of the season. However, before the second half of the season began for the ABL, players within the Boston Whirlwinds would end up getting into a dispute over the player contracts they got with the league. That alongside poor attendance on their ends throughout the season (which partially stemmed from them being all over the place in terms of home venues this season) resulted in them being expelled from the ABL before the second half of the ABL's inaugural season began (although some resources say they withdrew operations there instead) on February 11, 1926 (though reports first surfaced on them leaving by as early as February 9, 1926 (if not earlier in that month) instead), which left the ABL with only eight competing teams for that half of the season instead of the original nine teams that they had when starting that season out, with the aforementioned Buffalo Bisons later leaving the ABL by the end of the season to have only seven of the inaugural ABL teams remaining intact by the end of the season. While the Whirlwinds would continue playing as an independent basketball team throughout the rest of the 1920s and a good amount of the 1930s, they would never attempt to become a professional basketball franchise properly ever again going forward in their history.
Note: In addition to those guys, there were also missing players with the last names of Connolly and Nash on the team as well (with two more guys with the last names of Burnett and Dodd also being missing as well, though it's assumed that those two players in question were Whitey Bernot and Snooks Dowd respectively, with a player with the last name of Jenkins presumed to be Percy Jenkins for good measure).
The mixed 4 × 100 metre medley relay competition at the 2026 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 9 at the William Woollett Jr. Aquatics Center.
On October 16, 1981, a mass shooting occurred at the Mountain Truck Parts store near Allen, Kentucky, United States. Triggered by an extortion dispute with a local couple, 70-year-old William Owen "Okie" Bevins entered the business with an M1 carbine and opened fire, killing five people and injuring three others.
Bevins was arrested shortly after at his home. During his 1983 trial, he pleaded guilty to all charges and was sentenced to death. He died of a stroke in May 1989 before his sentence could be carried out.
In November 1929, Bevins, who was 18 years old at the time, was indicted by a Floyd County grand jury for a willful murder that reportedly took place at a local church social. In 1930, he was convicted of the capital offense and sentenced to life imprisonment. Bevins served eight years in prison and was paroled in July 1938.
Decades later, Bevins, then a retired coal miner, maintained an off-and-on relationship with Katie Sue Click. Click had known Bevins since she was seven years old, and testified that their sexual relationship began when she was 13 or 14. She received money from Bevins in exchange for sexual favors, but later stated he coerced her into continuing to see him once or twice a week for seven years through threats of violence, warning that he would kill her if she tried to end it.
Click testified she attempted to end the relationship twice, but Bevins threatened her family and threatened to use pornographic materials he forced her to produce to have her children taken away. According to her testimony, in the weeks leading up to the shooting, Bevins was growing angry over his increasing impotence and had started following and watching her and her husband everywhere. Four days before the shooting, Bevins brought a rifle with him to her house during his final visit.
At 11:30 a.m. October 16, 1981, Bevins waited on the front porch of the home of 28-year-old Roger Dale Click in Allen for Click, his 22-year-old wife Katie Sue, and their three children to return. According to the defense, the events of that morning were triggered by a financial dispute over sexual favors, an assertion Katie Sue strongly denied at trial. The defense claimed that days earlier, an initial price of $50 had been set over the phone for a sexual encounter with Katie Sue, which was subsequently raised to $100 after she informed Bevins that her husband insisted on the higher amount.
Later, upon arriving in their pickup truck across the street from the Mountain Truck Parts store, Roger Click allegedly demanded $200 instead. Bevins asked to pay the remaining $100 on credit, but Click refused. Bevins approached the right side of the truck, said, "I'm tired of people pushing me around," aimed a .30-caliber M1 carbine at Katie Sue's head, and threatened to kill the occupants if anyone exited. Katie Sue instructed Click to drive to the auto parts store to call the police.
At 11:45 a.m., Katie Sue hid her children behind the building, covering her baby with her sweater, before entering through a rear entrance. Meanwhile, Click entered through the front to use the telephone, followed shortly by Bevins stepping through the front door. Seeing Bevins enter, store co-owner Tommy Joe Reitz, who had seen the argument outside, began leaving the building as fast as he could. As he headed for the exit, Reitz passed Katie Sue, who asked him, "Where can I hide?" Reitz told her, "Upstairs." Bevins had planned to target Click and carried out the broader shooting inside the store to eliminate potential witnesses. Carrying an M1 carbine, equipped with a modified pistol grip and a 30-round magazine, at waist level, Bevins threatened to kill everyone among the roughly 15 people inside if Click did not hang up the phone.
Customer Rufus Hamilton, who knew Bevins, intervened, saying, "Now Okie, don't do that." Standing no more than two feet away, Bevins shot Hamilton in the chest. As he fell, Hamilton said, "Lord have mercy." Bevins then shot Click, who collapsed across the counter and fell to the floor. Customer Anderson Newsome, a friend of Hamilton, ran between the aisles, sustaining a bullet wound to the hip after being pushed out of the line of fire by another person. Newsome fled over an outside embankment alongside two other men, including Reitz, who suffered a sprained ankle from the 20-foot drop.
Store clerk Roger Dale Wright was shot through the right shoulder while running between two supply shelves toward a rear exit. Store employee Ronnie Bryant fled toward the rear to warn co-worker Michael Halbert. Finding the rear window too small for escape, Bryant and Halbert ran for the front entrance. Halbert, who also knew Bevins, raised his hands and said, "Peace brother, we don't want any trouble." Bevins shot Bryant in the chest and then shot Halbert, who fell onto Bryant.
Outside, Katie Sue saw Bevins shoot another man attempting to escape over boxes. Road salesman Julian Patrick hid in the aisles but encountered Bevins. Bevins asked Patrick if he knew him; when Patrick answered no, Bevins said, "I'm going to let you live, but if you ever think you know me, I'll come back and kill you," and allowed Patrick to hide.
Customer Charles May entered the store mid-attack and encountered Bevins near several bodies. May begged for his life. Bevins ordered him to the back of the store, systematically shooting any wounded victim who quivered on the floor as they walked. Bevins ordered May to hang up the phone Click had used. When it rang, Bevins forced May to answer, tell the caller the store was closed, and hang up. Bevins spared May, warning him not to report the incident.
Bevins walked through the store, shooting the wounded until all moaning stopped. He exited the building with his rifle and returned to his home in Printer, Kentucky, eight miles away. Upon arriving, he encountered 19-year-old Stanley Collins and 26-year-old Leroy Meredith Jr. Bevins confessed to the shooting and threatened, "I'll shoot you if you tell anybody."
Inside the store, employee Ronnie Bryant regained consciousness. Hearing the phone ring, Bryant crawled from under Halbert's body, answered it, and stated "Get an ambulance here. We've all been shot."
At 1:25 p.m., Kentucky State Police officers arrived at Bevins' home, where he sat on the front porch. As State Trooper Arnold Weddington approached with his drawn service revolver, Bevins offered no resistance, stating, "Why don't you just fucking shoot me? I'm 70 years old. It don't matter to me," and was taken into custody.
On June 19, 1984, the Mountain Truck Parts building was destroyed in an accidental fire that caused over $500,000 in damage. The blaze began during a routine trash-burning procedure outside, gutting the store's inventory and the upstairs apartment. Rendered irreparable, the structure was subsequently slated for demolition.
Five people were killed at the scene. Autopsies performed on the deceased revealed a total of 26 gunshot wounds: Roger Hatfield was shot eight times, Rufus Hamilton seven times, Roger Click six times, Jarvey Hamilton three times, and Michael Halbert twice. Furthermore, the examinations established that each man had been shot at least once after falling from the initial burst of gunfire. Three others were injured by gunfire, sustaining one gunshot wound each, while another victim sprained his right ankle while fleeing. Investigators recovered 29 brass shell casings inside the store and found no bullet holes, confirming every fired round struck a victim.
Following his arrest on the afternoon of October 16, Bevins was charged with five counts of murder and held without bond. Bevins was initially taken to the Floyd County Jail in Prestonsburg, Kentucky, for questioning. A Floyd County judge later ordered Bevins to be transferred to Laurel County, Kentucky, for his own protection. State Attorney General Steven Beshear requested this move to protect Bevins from angry relatives of the victims.
On November 9, 1981, Bevins appeared in Laurel Circuit Court in London, Kentucky. He pleaded not guilty to all charges, which officially included five counts of murder and three counts of first-degree assault, and he continued to be held at the Laurel County Jail.
On January 15, 1982, a change of venue was granted for the trial. The defense argued that an impartial trial could not be held in Floyd County or adjoining counties due to extensive media coverage, the local popularity of the victims, and hostile community sentiment. The court subsequently ordered the case transferred to Greenup County, Kentucky.
In late May 1982, following a mental evaluation by a state psychiatrist that found Bevins competent to stand trial, the court scheduled the trial to begin on November 29, 1982, in Greenup Circuit Court, with prosecutors seeking the death penalty and ruling out plea bargaining. However, the trial was postponed in October 1982, initially being pushed to February 1983 at the request of defense attorney Lester Burns due to a scheduling conflict with another trial, and later rescheduled by the court to April 4, 1983.
The trial commenced on April 4, 1983, in Greenup Circuit Court before Judge James Donaldson Atkinson Jr. Following jury selection, a jury was seated on April 5, with all members expressing support for the death penalty. During opening arguments the following day, the defense pursued an insanity plea, alleging that Bevins had been the victim of "sexual extortion" by victim Roger Click and his wife, Katie Sue. The prosecution vigorously disputed this, countering that Bevins had forced an ongoing sexual relationship upon Katie Sue and refused to allow her to end it. The proceedings concluded abruptly later that afternoon. Following the testimony of the prosecution's first witness, surviving shooting victim Ronnie Bryant, Bevins withdrew his previous pleas and pleaded guilty to all five counts of murder and three counts of first-degree assault, leaving sentencing entirely to the court.
During the subsequent sentencing phase, Katie Sue Click testified that Bevins had initiated their relationship when she was a young teenager and threatened her life if she ended the affair. The defense and prosecution then presented conflicting psychiatric testimonies regarding whether Bevins suffered from an extreme emotional disturbance at the time of the killings. During closing arguments on April 12, the defense requested life sentences, arguing that a financial demand by the Clicks for sexual favors immediately preceding the shooting acted as a catalyst, while the prosecution urged the death penalty for a calculated crime. On April 22, 1983, Judge Atkinson formally sentenced Bevins to death in the electric chair for the five murders and remanded him to the Kentucky State Penitentiary in Eddyville, Kentucky. Because death sentences carry an automatic appeal to the state Supreme Court, no execution date was set.
On March 20, 1986, the Kentucky Supreme Court unanimously upheld Bevins's death sentence. The court rejected the defense's argument that Bevins did not fully understand the consequences of his guilty plea, noting that trial transcripts proved otherwise. Writing for the court, Justice Charles M. Leibson concluded that pleading guilty was a sound legal strategy; leaving the sentencing to a judge avoided a likely jury recommendation of death given the devastating testimony of the first witness and the "bizarre and sordid" details of Bevins's relationship with Katie Sue Click.
In August 1986, the Kentucky Supreme Court denied a request by Bevins to reconsider his death sentence. Following the decision, Paul Isaacs, head of the state Department of Public Advocacy, stated that defense attorneys would pursue additional appeals through either the U.S. Supreme Court or Greenup Circuit Court.
On January 27, 1987, the U.S. Supreme Court declined to hear an appeal regarding Bevins's murder convictions and death sentence. In his petition to the court, Bevins had challenged the voluntary nature of his 1983 guilty pleas and questioned how Kentucky law determines whether crimes are committed under "extreme emotional distress".
On the afternoon of May 20, 1989, Bevins, then the oldest death-row inmate in the United States, died of a stroke at Lourdes Hospital in Paducah, Kentucky. He had been transferred to the hospital from the Kentucky State Penitentiary earlier in the week suffering from abdominal pain and pneumonia.
President: Nataša Mićić (until 27 January), Dragan Maršićanin (4 February to 3 March), Vojislav Mihailović (3 March to 4 March), Predrag Marković (4 March to 11 July), Boris Tadić (from 11 July)
4 April – A bus carrying 16 adults and 34 children from Svishtov, on the way back from a school trip to Dubrovnik, ran off the road and into the river Lim near Gostun around 21:00 local time. Four boys and eight girls were killed. The driver Iliya Izmirliev was later sentenced to four years in prison.
Yüzgeç is ap product of the academy of Galatasaray, and started training with their senior team as a 16 year old. He was named to Galatasaray's match day squad on the bench for the 2025 Turkish Super Cup final. On 13 January 2026, he debuted with Galatasaray in a 2–1 Turkish Cup win over Fethiyespor. On 22 February 2026, he signed his first professional contract with Galatasaray.
Yüzgeç is a youth international for Turkey, scoring 8 goals in 9 matches for the Turkey U15s team, 10 goals in 15 matches for the Turkey U16s.
2004 Federation Cup was the 26th edition of the prestigious Federation Cup tournament, organised by All India Football Federation. Dempo SC lifted their inaugural trophy in this edition.
Cristiano Junior collided with Mohun Bagan goalkeeper Subrata Pal, in the 78th minute after scoring the winning goal of final match. While scoring his second goal after chasing the ball into the box, he collided with the keeper, staggered away and then collapsed. Attempts to revive him were unsuccessful. He was declared dead on bringing the body into nearby hospital.
County council has no direct elections; its membership is made up of the mayors and reeves of the lower-tier municipalities of the county (including the reeves - rather than mayors - of Deep River, Laurentian Valley and Renfrew), while Arnpror elects a separate councillor for county council.
The 2026–27 season is the 79th season in the history of 1. FC Köln, and the club's second consecutive campaign in the top flight of German football, the Bundesliga. In addition to the domestic league, the club is participating in the DFB-Pokal.
The 2026–27 SAFA Second Division (known as the ABC Motsepe League for sponsorship reasons) is the 29th season of the SAFA Second Division, the third tier for South African association football clubs, since its establishment in 1998. Due to the size of South Africa, the competition was split into nine divisions, one for each region. After the league stage of the regional competition is completed, the nine winning teams of each regional division will enter the playoffs.
The 107th Rifle Division was first formed as an infantry division of the Red Army in August 1939, in the Siberian Military District, based on the shtat (table of organization and equipment) of the following month. Following the German invasion it was moved west and concentrated west of Moscow as part of 24th Army in early July. Late that month the Army was assigned to Reserve Front. By that time the 107th had already been in combat with leading elements of 2nd Panzer Group in the Yelnya area. In mid-August it formed part of the Army's northern strike group in the first attempt to encircle and destroy the German forces in the salient that they held around that place, and also in the second attempt that began on August 30. On September 6 Yelnya was retaken after the XX Army Corps was forced out of the salient. The 107th was pulled back to the Reserve of the Supreme High Command and on September 26 was redesignated as the 5th Guards Rifle Division.
A new 107th was formed on the basis of a rifle brigade In the Moscow Military District on April 17, 1942. It was soon assigned to 3rd Reserve Army, which became 60th Army on July 10, as the division moved south to the vicinity of Voronezh and joined the Voronezh Front. It took part in fighting near that place during the rest of the month, then remained on the defense as the main battles moved toward Stalingrad. Following the November counteroffensive there the division, now part of 40th Army, took part in the offensive toward Ostrogozhsk and Rossosh in mid-January, 1943. Immediately after it also participated in the offensive that drove the German and Hungarian forces away from Voronezh. As this victory was exploited the division advanced toward Belgorod and just missed being swept up in Army Group South's counteroffensive before the front stabilized. Prior to the Battle of Kursk the 107th was transferred to 69th Army and fought under that command, mostly in second echelon.
The original 107th was formed on August 19 at Barnaul in the Siberian Military District, based on the 131st Rifle Regiment of the 78th Rifle Division. As it was formed in the Altai Krai it carried the familiar name "Altaisk" for the duration of its existence. Col. Pavel Vasilevich Mironov was appointed to command on the day it began forming; he had most recently served as deputy commander of the 28th Mountain Rifle Division. Once completed its order of battle was as follows:
Mironov was sent to the Frunze Military Academy for commander's refresher courses in November 1940 and was still there at the outbreak of war with Germany. The 107th was now part of 53rd Rifle Corps, along with the 178th and 133rd Rifle Divisions. This Corps was assigned to 24th Army in the Reserve of the STAVKA High Command. The 107th began moving west from Siberia by rail in late June, and by the start of July was concentrating west of Moscow, in the area of Dorogobuzh, Gzhatsk, and Mozhaysk.
On July 16 the 10th Panzer Division of XXXXVI Motorized Corps began advancing on Yelnya from Mstsislaw in order to start an outer encirclement ring around the Soviet armies that were nearly pocketed at Smolensk. It reached the outskirts of Yelnya in the evening of July 18 and took the town two days later after heavy fighting. Meanwhile its corps-mate, 2nd SS Reich Division was attempting to reach the Dniepr River and take Dorogobuzh before linking up with 17th Panzer Division at Yartsevo. This led to three days of fighting with the 107th and 50th Rifle Divisions; Reich failed to take either objective and was forced to fall back to positions northwest of Yelnya.
Army Gen. G. K. Zhukov took command of Reserve Front on July 30, to which 24th Army had been assigned several days earlier. On August 5, in a housecleaning operation, his chief of staff, Maj. Gen. P. I. Lyapin, sent detailed instructions to the Army's commander, Maj. Gen. K. I. Rakutin, on the correct employment of artillery. These included:- Construct an artillery defensive system in 107th RD's sector to be prepared to repel possible attacks by enemy motor-mechanized units toward Dorogobuzh from the south and southwest.- Deploy at least twenty guns from 533rd [Antitank Regiment, reinforcing the 107th] along the line of Hills 232.5, 256.9, 240.6, 246.9 and 206.0 to close off the main axes of possible enemy movement.- The remaining artillery of 107th RD must be ready for action against enemy motor-mechanized units toward the south and southwest. The artillery group, which is operating on the front of 100th and 103rd Divisions, must be ready for action against enemy motor-mechanized forces from the west and southwest...At 0216 hours on August 6 ordered Zhukov and Rakutin to put these considerations into practice by attacking and destroying the German forces in the Yelnya salient.
Colonel Mironov was reinforced with what remained of the 102nd Tank Division and two artillery regiments. His force was to attack from the area of Dubovezhe and Ivanovskie Farm, 13km north-northwest of Yelnya and push south toward Viazovka, Gurevo, Lysovka, and Leonidovo, 7km west of Yelnya. The division launched its attack on the morning of August 8 against part of German XX Army Corps. It was able to advance 7-9km in the face of German artillery, armor, and infantry, including elements of the Der Führer Regiment of the Reich Division, but made no further progress. Rakutin critiqued Mironov and the commanders of the 100th, 102nd, and 19th Rifle Divisions:1. Combat during the first half of 8 August 1941 demonstrated that, in spite of our clear superiority, especially in the sectors of 107th and 100th RDs, the advance of our units was extremely slow. In two hours of fighting, 107th RD advanced 2 kilometres and 100th RD approximately 1.5-2 kilometres in three hours. The remaining divisions are marking time in place and, while not moving forward, with countless complaints about intense enemy fire.Rakutin's military commissar also communicated with the 107th's commissar and the 106th Motorized Division describing "numerous disciplinary problems". Zhukov added his weight the next day, berating Mironov and his other division commanders for "gross neglect if not outright incompetence."
Rakutin and Zhukov pressed relentlessly for results, and during August 12-14 the combined 107th, 100th, and 102nd Tanks, striking at the boundary between Reich and the 15th Infantry Division, gained up to 4km, taking the villages of Gorovitsy, Luginovo, and Novoe Brykino, albeit at the cost of heavy casualties. However, 24th Army's remaining divisions made no progress at all. German casualties were also high, and the commander of XX Corps, Gen. F. Materna, appealed for help from Army Group Center, stating "[h]e had only one battalion in reserve" and "El'nia could not be held in the long term." 15th Infantry had suffered 2,351 losses in just the previous week's fighting. A report from August 16 states that the 107th was attacking toward Bezzabot Sovkhoz, 12km northwest of Yelnya, on that date. Two days later the STAVKA directed Zhukov to replace the 100th with the 103rd, and add the 19th Division for a supporting attack directly north of Yelnya. Zhukov in turn directed Rakutin to make his main attack with the 107th, the "rested and refitted" 102nd, and the remnants of 105th Tank Division, again toward Leonidovo. Three further days of heavy fighting brought no further progress, and at 0445 hours on August 21, Zhukov finally informed Stalin that continuing the offensive would be futile without pausing for further rest, refitting, and training. Stalin approved later that day. On August 30 it the 107th was reinforced with a regiment of the 127th Rifle Division and part of the 102nd Tanks.
On the same day Reserve Front began its new offensive against the salient, which would involve 24th and 43rd Armies. The 107th was positioned north of Spas-Nezhoda, northwest of Yelnya, now facing the right flank of the 137th Infantry Division of IX Army Corps. 24th Army had over 103,000 personnel on strength, greatly outnumbering the 40,000 of XX Corps and the 137th, but had only 35 tanks. Rakutin's first shock group was made up of the 107th, the 102nd Tanks, and the 100th Division. Mironov's mission was to:... attack southward in the 2-kilometre-wide sector from the northern outskirts of Sadki to Hill 237.8 and the northern outskirts of Gur'evo [9-11km northwest of Yelnya] to capture Nezhoda Station and the woods north of Voloskovo Farm by day's end.Rakutin also ordered the newly arrived 309th Rifle Division to be prepared to back up the shock group.
The offensive started promptly at 0700 hours in heavy fog, after a well-planned artillery preparation using some 640 guns, mortars, and Katyushas. A holding attack against the nose of the salient was made by the 19th and 309th Divisions, and supporting attacks were made by the 120th and 303rd Rifle Divisions. The initial attack by the 107th and 102nd struck the 137th Infantry from the Ustrom River north of a divisional strongpoint at Bataevo, eastward to a point north of Sadki, and thence to the west bank of the Uzha River at Gurevo. The 102nd was stalled on the slopes of Hill 247.6, but the 107th advanced from north of Sadki to Gurevo with the 586th Rifle Regiment, led by Col. Ivan Mikhailovich Nekrasov on the left and the 765th Regiment, under command of Lt. Col. Matvei Stepanovich Batrakov, on the right. The 630th Regiment was in second echelon. The 765th broke through the forward German defenses and reached Sadki by noon. Following six hours of intense combat, in which it changed hands several times, the village was taken. The 586th advanced about 1,000m and took Hill 238.7 at 1500 hours, but was then halted by heavy fire, as was the 630th on the approaches to Dashino Farm. The 100th Division faltered against heavy defenses at Mitino after gaining just 500m. Over the day Mironov lost 40 killed and 75 wounded, which included four battalion commanders and several battalion commissars. Rakutin complained subsequently that "The 102nd TD and 107th RD attacked worst of all, and, despite their high density of weapons, they almost failed to advance at all. This is explained, first and foremost, by disorganization in the division's command, for which the commanders and commissars... received severe reprimands and warnings from me."
At 0230 hours on August 31 Rakutin and Zhukov issued orders for the attack to resume at 0700 with the same objectives, following a 10-minute fire raid. Zhukov had been angered by the ineffectiveness of the bombardment the previous morning. He also formed a special group to be commanded by Col. I. M. Ivanov, a staff officer of 24th Army. This was intended to infiltrate the German lines to disrupt their rear areas:For operations against communications in the enemy's rear, form a composite detachment consisting of a tank group, and assault company, a motorized battalion, and an artillery group of 10 guns at the expense of 102nd, 107th, and 100th Divisions. The formation region of the detachment - the woods south of Monina. The detachment must be ready by day's end on 31 August 1941. Name the detachment "Ivanov's Detachment."Zhukov ordered the tanks and the motorized battalion to advance from Sadki and Bolshaya Nezhoda, pass through the forward defenses of the 137th Infantry, penetrate to an area 10-13km west of Yelnya, cut the road from Yelnya to Boltutino, and form an all-round defense to block German movement in and out of the salient. Rakutin was told to commit the Detachment only once the three divisions had reached the line Bezzaboty–Bolshaya Nezhoda–Demshchino, and his chief of artillery was to support its raid via radio.
Meanwhile, the shock group continued its costly advance. During August 31 the 630th Regiment made a surprise attack before dawn without artillery, took the south slopes of Hill 248.3 plus two groves between 1 and 1.5km south and southwest of Sadki by 1700 hours, after which it reached within 1km of the Smolensk–Yelnya railroad by 2300. It had lost some of its gains to a counterattack in the afternoon, but still ended the day with 13 prisoners, four captured tanks (one operable) and four trucks, several motorcycles, two mortars, two machine guns, plus "many" rifles, grenades, ammunition, and documents. The 102nd and 100th did less well, but the 303rd to the south managed a 2km gain similar to the 107th's, increasing German fears of the salient being cut off. Materna had used one regiment of the 263rd Infantry Division to reinforce the struggling 137th. Zhukov, on the other hand, raged at the commander of the 100th to get his division moving to the support of the 107th.
Overnight, Rakutin regrouped his divisions, including returning 250 men from Ivanov's Detachment to the 102nd Tanks. He reported the 107th's action of September 1 as follows:107th RD - attacked at dawn, with 586th RR spearheading the advance with the mission to clear German forces from the vicinity of Nezhoda Station "at all cost."- 586th RR - captured the German strongpoint at Voloskovo Farm, 3 kilometres east of Bol'shaia Nezhoda, by enveloping it with two battalions (400 men) shortly after dawn, but was encircled and cut off by a strong German counterattack during the afternoon.- 630th and 765th RRs - assaulted Bol'shaia Nezhoda and Nezhoda Station but halted by strong enemy resistance. The army commander ordered 102nd TD and 100th RD to support 107th RD's advance.After dusk the 309th Division was ordered to replace the very weak 102nd and join the 107th's attack toward the Station. Materna sent another regiment of the 263rd Infantry to reinforce the Sadki area.
As the 309th moved up, Ivanov's Detachment was ordered to move south from its assembly area to a jumping-off position in the woods to the rear of the 107th by 0600 hours on September 2. An hour later the northern shock group pushed off against heavy resistance. Mironov attempted to rescue the 586th Regiment with the 765th, but this was stymied by a counterattack. The 630th took Mitino from the southwest, but immediately met the same counterattack, which overran the headquarters of Maj. A. P. Mette. In this action he was severely wounded along with his chief of staff; two of his battalion commanders were also put out of action, and Mitino was lost. By dusk the entire division was under threat of encirclement. The 100th Division attacked west of Mitino to protect the 107th's left wing and this time made some progress, while the 309th continued to move into its assembly areas. Early in the morning Ivanov's Detachment had passed its reconnaissance units through the lines of the 263rd Infantry, bypassing Bolshaya Nezhoda and Sofievka and taking up positions just north of the Yelnya–Roslavl road.
By now a heated debate was underway in the German High Command on the question of abandoning the salient. By the end of September 2 the commander of Army Group Center, Field Marshal F. von Bock, decided to pull out of Yelnya due to high losses and his lack of reserves elsewhere. This had no immediate effect on the battle, but 24th Army made greater progress on September 3. First, Zhukov ordered the commitment of the remainder of Ivanov's Detachment into the rear of the 263rd. The shock group itself went over to the attack again at 0700 hours against still strong resistance from the 263rd and the 78th Infantry Division. The 586th Regiment remained encircled near Voloskovo Farm, now running short of ammunition and food. Rakutin ordered Ivanov to link up with the regiment, which was successful, but Ivanov was mortally wounded, and his Detachment took 25 percent losses with seven of its 20 tanks knocked out. Meanwhile, the 765th and the disorganized 630th fought all day, finally cutting the railroad west of Nezhoda Station and Sofievka to the south. The southern shock group also advanced 2-3km during the day after having been balked by counterattacks for two days.
Materna began a phased withdrawal overnight on September 3/4. Zhukov, probably anticipating this move, directed the two shock groups to exploit toward a linkup to prevent a significant number of German troops escaping the trap. The northern group was reinforced with the 395th Rifle Regiment of the 127th Rifle Division. The withdrawal proceeded in an orderly manner on September 4 as the encirclement was never completed. Zhukov observed the activity from Mironov's headquarters and urged him forward, but as 24th Army reported that evening, the division "led its attacks with 765th RR and the remnants of 596th and 630th RRs, but [was] unable to advance southward from the Bol'shaia Nezhoda, Nezhoda Station, and Voloskovo Farm region." Although later Soviet accounts stated the two shock groups were just "hundreds of metres" apart, the gap was in fact some 8km wide. The right wing of the 137th Infantry and the two regiments of the 263rd continued to block the northern group until the withdrawal was largely complete on September 5, after which they were pulled back into reserve for rest and refitting.
In Zhukov's summary to Stalin on September 8 he stated, "As far as our forces were concerned, 107th and 19th Rifle Divisions operated very well. The 100th and 120th Rifle Divisions operated quite well. The 303rd and 309th Rifle Divisions operated poorly and without initiative." Despite this assessment, the 100th would become the 1st Guards Rifle Division and the 127th the 2nd Guards on September 18. On the same day what remained of the division was loaded on trains at Spas-Demensk and Pavlinovo and moved to the area of Vyshny Volochyok to come under the Reserve of the Supreme High Command for rebuilding. On September 26 it was redesignated as the 5th Guards Rifle Division. Mironov was promoted to major general on January 10, 1942, and remained in command until April 20 when he was given command of the 7th Guards Rifle Corps. He was leading the 37th Guards Rifle Corps on April 28, 1945, with the rank of lieutenant general, when he was made a Hero of the Soviet Union. His former regimental commanders, Batrakov and Nekrasov, had both been made Heroes on September 11, 1941, for their leadership at Yelnya.
A new 107th was formed on April 17, 1942, at Tambov in the Moscow Military District, based on the 11th Rifle Brigade. Col. Dmitrii Feoktisovich Dremin, who had led the 11th since the previous November, was appointed to command on the day it began forming. Once completed its order of battle was completely different from that of the 1st formation:
By the beginning of June the division had been assigned to the 3rd Reserve Army in the Reserve of the Supreme High Command. On July 9 the 107th joined the active army when 3rd Reserve was redesignated as 60th Army. This Army soon joined Voronezh Front in the vicinity of the city of that name. At this time the STAVKA was still uncertain of German strategic plans and suspected a new effort to capture Moscow from the south.
60th Army was tasked with guarding the road to Voronezh from the advance of the German 2nd Army's VII Army Corps. By July 15, the Army had been driven out of the city and the 107th was deployed along the Don River to the northwest. On July 22, the Army launched heavy assaults against the defenses northwest of Voronezh. Catching VII Corps in the middle of a divisional relief, the 161st Rifle Division was able to push to the Don River 10km northwest of the city, while the 107th, with part of the 25th Tank Corps, was able to cut the main German supply route to the west. However, the assault soon faltered under withering antitank and artillery fire, which forced the attackers back from the road. Farther east, the remainder of 25th Tanks, together with the 303rd and 195th Rifle Divisions, plus the battalions of 18th Tank Corps, fought their way into Voronezh's northern suburbs, and the Army's 121st Rifle Division, supported by 17th Tank Corps, struck the defenses on the east side of the city.
The city's suburbs saw intense fighting for several days more. However, despite their best efforts, the attacking Soviet forces were unable to sustain the offensive. Although they were able to retain a small wedge in German defenses east of the Don at Semiluki, heavy air strikes and counterattacks repulsed or halted any subsequent attacks. Over the following months the 107th was engaged in steady, small-scale attritional fighting along the Don. In November it was transferred to 40th Army of the same Front, and on November 29 Colonel Dremin was briefly placed at disposal of the Front's military council, before being moved to command of the 309th Rifle Division. He would be promoted to the rank of major general on September 15, 1943, made a Hero of the Soviet Union on October 23, and would hold several more divisional and deputy corps commands. He was replaced by Col. Pyotr Maksimovich Bezhko, who had previously led the 3rd Guards Motorized Rifle Regiment before attending the Military Academy of the General Staff. Bezhko would be promoted to major general on February 4, 1943.
In the planning for this offensive Voronezh Front chose to launch three attacks against those parts of Hungarian 2nd Army and Italian 8th Army that made up the Ostrogozhsk–Rossosh grouping. 40th Army, now under command of Maj. Gen. K. S. Moskalenko, would form the northern group with five rifle divisions, a rifle brigade, a tank corps, and other reinforcements. The main force would attack from the bridgehead at Storozhevoe toward Boldyrevka, Krasnoe, and Alekseevka, linking up with forces of the Front's southern group and completing the encirclement. The Army's breakthrough sector was 10km wide from Height 187 to Devitsa and the first echelon consisted of the 107th, 141st, (less one regiment), 25th Guards, and 340th Rifle Divisions, supported by three tank brigades. The third regiment of the 141st would cover a 47km sector from Kremenchug to Anoshkino, while the Army's screening detachment plus the training battalions of the 107th and 25th Guards would cover the 28km from Donishche to Podlesnyi. The 107th had the 86th Tank Brigade in direct support for the attack. Moskalenko intended that the two units would advance toward Kalinin and Ostrogozhsk, linking up there on the third or fourth day with the right flank of 18th Rifle Corps and the 12th Tank Corps of 3rd Tank Army.
In the afternoon of January 12 the divisions of Moskalenko's first echelon, following an artillery preparation of some one hour and backed by air attacks, sent in forward battalions to probe the Axis positions. Two battalions of the 107th were tasked with seizing the center and northwestern area of the village of Uryvo-Pokrovskoe, a wood 500m to the west, and the village of Goldaevka. Uryvo-Pokrovskoe was defended by one battalion of the 4th Hungarian Infantry Regiment while the wood was held by another battalion of the same regiment and Goldaevka was held by a battalion of the 35th Regiment. Overnight on January 11/12 the 327th Sapper Battalion had laid a large quantity of explosives under the barbed wire entanglements the 107th faced; this was successful in clearing a bath for the rifle battalions. These quickly covered the distance to the forward Hungarian trench and began fighting for Goldaevka and on the south slopes of Height 160. The positions were taken by dusk along with more than 300 prisoners. Following these advances further units of both the 107th and 25th Guards were fed into the battle. The defensive system had been disrupted by a penetration of 3-3.5km on a 6km front. Moskalenko correctly decided to take advantage of the successes of the two divisions by launching his main attack the next day instead of January 14 as originally planned. Overnight the first echelon moved up to its jumping-off positions. A powerful artillery bombardment began at dawn, targeting positions that had been uncovered by the forward battalions. 40th Army had 1,081 guns and mortars along the 10km-wide breakthrough sector.
In the first hours significant progress was made in the center and along the left flank of Moskalenko's shock group. Uryvo-Pokrovskoe was cleared by the 340th Division and its supporting 150th Tank Brigade engaged the reinforcing German 700th Panzer Detachment of some 100 vehicles. Several counterattacks were beaten off with losses and the 340th captured Boldyrevka after an advance of 7km, cutting the Ostrogozhsk–Voronezh road. Meanwhile, according to plan, the 107th widened the breach toward the left flank. The strongpoint at Devitsa was simultaneously outflanked and attacked from the front and the Hungarian grouping was forced back to Kalinin and Peskovatka with the 86th Tanks in pursuit. About 200 prisoners were taken. However, Bezhko's men only advanced 4km through the day, failing to complete the breakthrough of the main defensive zone. All Axis reserves had now been committed.
Moskalenko's next objective was to prevent the occupation of the second defensive zone, and he committed his second echelon to the fighting. The 305th Rifle Division was inserted between the 107th and 340th. In the morning of January 14 the 107th continued to widen the breakthrough to the south and prepare to destroy the Axis grouping near Korotoyak and Ostrogozhsk. By the end of the day it had pushed back the remnants of the 7th Hungarian Infantry Division as far as the Potudan River while its right flank, alongside the 305th, arrived at the second defensive zone near Prilepy. It had gained 5-10km against opposition. The new priority was to complete the encirclement. On January 15 the German command began moving forces of its 2nd Army defending closer to Voronezh to prevent 40th Army from getting into its rear. On the axis to the southern drive Moskalenko committed the 340th between the 107th and 305th to attack toward Lesnoe-Ukolovo. The 107th ran into resistance from the 13th Hungarian Infantry Division along the Potudan leading to a see-saw battle that prevented it reaching and taking Ostrogozhsk, its objective for the day, covering only 2-6km. By now the Army's divisions were attacking on fronts that averaged 17km wide.
During January 16 the 107th rolled up the positions of the 13th Hungarian and advanced 12km, reaching to within 1km of Korotoyak and 2km of Ostrogozhsk. The division reached the latter place the next day and joined hands with the 309th Division and 129th Rifle Brigade of 18th Rifle Corps, after which it attempted to take it from the march with two regiments, but failed. The third regiment seized Korotoyak. In the morning of January 18 it blockaded the garrison of Ostrogozhsk in cooperation with the 340th. This garrison consisted of part of the German 168th Infantry Division with remnants of Hungarian 13th and 10th Infantry Divisions. While these continued to resist, the only exit from the town remaining was covered by Soviet firepower.
From January 19 to January 27 Voronezh Front set about eliminating the encircled Axis Rossosh grouping. The 107th and the 129th Rifle Brigade were given substantial reinforcements in artillery in order to eliminate the Ostrogozhsk garrison, altogether about four German/Hungarian regiments. The guns were from the 10th Breakthrough Artillery Division, and consisted of two cannon artillery regiments, two howitzer regiments, two antitank regiments, and two high-power artillery battalions. These augmented the 1032nd Artillery Regiment and the artillery regiment of the 340th, which had been left behind with one rifle battalion. Altogether there were 257 guns and 176 mortars, of which 82 guns would employ direct fire. On the first day the 107th struck the town from the northwest and captured a grove of trees on its northern outskirts. By dusk it had cleared Novaya Sotnya and two regiments were fighting in the western outskirts. The garrison made an attempt to break out to the west, but this was halted by the single battalion of the 340th alongside the 107th. On the morning of January 20 bitter fighting began in the heart of the town and by 1500 hours it had been completely cleared by the 107th and 129th Brigade. A large part of the garrison was either captured or killed. In addition to prisoners vast stores or ammunition and equipment were taken. Several small groups managed to break out toward the southwest, reaching the woods northeast of Alekseevka, linking up with Axis forces there. This was largely due to inactivity by the 309th Division.
The STAVKA released its plan for the new offensive on January 20. Voronezh Front would commit its 40th, 60th, and 38th Armies, while Bryansk Front's 13th Army would attack from the north in order to encircle and destroy German 2nd and what remained of Hungarian 2nd Armies. The shock groups of both 40th and 60th Armies were to attack from the jumping-off line held by 40th Army's right wing. Moskalenko chose to attack on a wide frontage of 50km, from Semidesyatskoye to 2nd Gorodishche, with the objectives of Dmitrievka, Gorshechnoye, and Kastornoye. He deployed his infantry forces in two echelons, with the 107th as one of the five divisions and one rifle brigade in the first. On the first day, January 24, the attackers were to advance 20–25km, followed by 10–15km the next day, and on January 27 the division and the 25th Guards, 309th, 107th, and 340th were to reach the line Lachinovo–Nizhnyaya Graivoronka–Platonovka–Aleksandrovka. At this point it was to link up with units of 13th Army and complete the encirclement. The Axis defense was based on a chain of village strongpoints with heavy minefields, while the gaps were swept by firepower. It quickly became apparent that Moskalenko was lacking in artillery to suppress these strongpoints.
40th Army was to carry the main weight of the Front's attack. The attack frontages of its first echelon divisions were between 6–12km; the 107th was deployed across 8km in the Army's center, with 4th Tank Corps along side it and the 309th. The assault was to be preceded by a 30-minute artillery preparation, plus a total of 200 45mm antitank guns and 76mm regimental guns firing over open sights. However, after the exertions of the previous offensive, all the Soviet forces were experiencing shortages of ammunition. In an effort to confuse the defenders the offensive began in staggered fashion, with 40th Army attacking first, 60th Army the following day, and the 13th and 38th Armies kicking off on January 26. The 107th, moving up from Ostrogozhsk, arrived in its jumping-off positions just at dawn leaving no time for proper preparations. 40th Army launched its assault in strong blizzard conditions. The artillery preparation was delayed in the hope that visibility would improve, but finally went ahead at 1230 hours. Under the circumstances the Axis losses were insignificant, and no air support was available. The following infantry assault made little progress, although 4th Tanks did better, effectively crushing the 68th Infantry Division and gaining 6–8km. At dusk the 107th managed to take Staro-Nikolaevskaya.
In light of the day's lack of success the Front commander, Col. Gen. N. F. Vatutin, gave Moskalenko a dressing-down over organization, command, and control. Overnight, German 2nd Army evacuated Voronezh. Once this became clear Vatutin ordered 40th Army to push forward across its entire front, with the rifle formations to reach a line from Gorshechnoye to Stary Oskol in order to encircle the retreating forces. 4th Tanks led the advance by making a surprise advance on the former place via the village of Boloto, clearing it during the afternoon. In its wake the rifle divisions gained 6-18km, with the 107th and 340th capturing a line from Arkhangelskoe to Soldatskoe. Air reconnaissance showed heavy traffic on the roads and railroads leading to Kastornoye; orders for a general withdrawal had already been issued.
13th Army entered the battle from the north on January 26. Moskalenko's orders directed his right flank forces to redirect their axes of attack to the north. 4th Tanks was stranded at Gorshechnoye for lack of fuel. Meanwhile, the remainder of 40th Army was also struggling to complete its mission. The 107th reached the line Bocharovka–Kotovo–Ozerki after a further advance of some 10km. Small groups of Germans and Hungarians were retreating toward Stary Oskol. By nightfall the corridor available for the Axis troops to escape encirclement was about 60km wide.
On January 27, the 4th Tank Corps attacked at dawn in the direction of Kastornoye, having received fuel by air the previous day. By the end of the day its forward detachment captured Kastornaya Novaya station, cutting the Axis lines of retreat to the southwest. The 107th and 340th, now working with 6th Ski Brigade (not actually ski-trained), pushed ahead to Kaplino–Neznamovo–Ignatovka in an effort to encircle Stary Oskol, which was defended by elements of the German 26th Infantry Division.
Kastornoye was taken in the afternoon of January 28 in a joint operation by 4th Tanks, 13th, and 38th Armies, although mopping up continued overnight. During the day the 107th, 340th, and 6th Ski continued battling in the Stary Oskol area. By now the main escape routes of the Axis Voronezh grouping had been cut, but a continuous line of encirclement had not been formed. As one example, a 25km-wide gap existed between the 25th Guards and the 183rd Divisions; a similar gap existed between Gorshechnoe and Stary Oskol. As a result, no plans could be make to break up the encircled grouping. At this time there were up to eight German and two Hungarian divisions operating southeast of Kastornoye. While loosely encircled, it would require considerable time and effort to defeat them. On January 30 the STAVKA decided to leave this task mostly to 38th Army while the remainder of Voronezh Front's forces began to advance on Kharkiv and Kursk. By now advance elements of the SS Panzer Corps were arriving from France and moving up to the Oskil River to defend Kharkiv. Moskalenko was ordered to be ready to attack through Belgorod toward Kharkiv by February 1. Vatutin was underestimating the capabilities and strength of the encircled grouping and was assigning unrealistic objectives to most of his Front.
Before Moskalenko could carry out his orders he would have to take Stary Oskol. Overnight on January 31/February 1 the remnants of the 88th Infantry Division managed to escape the pocket and began moving on the town. Meanwhile, the 107th, 340th, and 6th Ski continued their unsuccessful battle with 26th Infantry, which was entering its fourth day. On the morning of February 2 the 340th, minus one reinforced battalion, moved southwest to Melovoe against the escaping German/Hungarian forces, leaving the battalion, the 107th, and 6th Ski at Stary Oskol. One retreating group left a strong rearguard in the town as it pulled back along the road to Manturovo; by the end of February 4 its main body reached the Krasnyi Khutor area.
The 107th continued fighting with other withdrawing groups on February 4/5, and by the end of the second day had finally cleared Stary Oskol with the help of a regiment of the 303rd Division. Overnight on February 5/6 the two divisions, on Moskalenko's orders, began moving southwest to link up with the Army's main body attacking toward Belgorod. By the end of February 8 the 60th Army took Kursk, while 40th Army reached Belgorod, clearing it the next day.
On February 19 Army Group South, under command of Field Marshal E. von Manstein, launched a counterattack against Southwestern Front, which was overextended after an advance almost to the Dniepr River, and drove it back to the Northern Donets River with heavy losses. After regrouping, Manstein's forces struck Voronezh Front, retaking Kharkiv on March 16 and Belgorod two days later before halting. 3rd Tank Army had been encircled and destroyed; 40th and 69th Armies nearly suffered the same fate. The spring rasputitsa brought operations to a halt as both sides prepared for offensives in the summer. During March the 107th was transferred to the Front's 69th Army, which was commanded by Lt. Gen. V. D. Kryuchyonkin.
During this lull in the fighting the division was substantially rebuilt. On July 5 the 107th would report a strength of 7,920 personnel, armed with 3,876 rifles and carbines, 1,211 PPSh-41 submachine guns, 71 machine guns of all types, 75 artillery pieces of all calibres, 158 mortars of all calibres, and 158 antitank rifles. Just before this the division was grouped into the 48th Rifle Corps with the 305th and 183rd Divisions. 69th Army constituted the Front reserve and so was in second echelon on a sector from Olkhovatka to Yefremovka, with its headquarters at Korocha. Even in rear echelon, where it was intended to backstop the boundary between 6th and 7th Guards Armies, Kryuchyonkin had directed his troops to construct extensive fortifications. This included four antitank strongpoints in the 107th's sector alone, each containing six to twelve antitank guns with wide fields of fire, plus roughly the same number of antitank riflemen and a platoon of submachine gunners.
The German offensive against the Kursk salient began on July 5. 4th Panzer Army made some progress against 6th Guards Army in its initial attack and at 1940 hours Vatutin, now an army general, ordered the 93rd Guards Rifle Division to move to the Prokhorovka area behind the 183rd, further backstopping the boundary. During July 6 the 51st Guards Rifle Division was savaged by the II SS Panzer Corps, losing over half its strength by the following day. 2nd SS Panzer Division Das Reich had penetrated the forward defenses and was moving in the direction of Prokhorovka.
In the first days of the offensive the 107th had been withdrawn from the defensive line Alekseevka–Liptsy to the line Verkhny Olshanets–Gremyache. Therefore, by the morning of July 9 Kryuchyonkin had created two defensive lines on the route to Korocha on or near the paved road from Belgorod to Korocha, in accordance with Vatutin's orders:1. To place responsibility for the defense of the Korocha axis on the commander of the 69th Army... The task of 69th Army - firmly to defend the front occupied by its forces, Vasil'evka - Belenikhino - Visloe - Shopino - Chernaia Poliana - Staryi Gorod - Blizhniaia Igumenka - Miasoedovo, to prevent an enemy breakthrough of the indicated front from the direction of Melikhovo and his further advance. Destroy the enemy in the region of Melikhovo. Pay particular attention to blocking the Prokhorovka axis and to securing your left flank.To carry out this mission Kryuchyonkin was reinforced with units of 6th and 7th Guards Armies.
By the morning of July 10 a combination of units from 6th Guards and 69th Armies were facing the three divisions of II SS Corps. The Psel River formed the boundary between the two Armies. The positions of the 183rd Division and the 11th Motorized Rifle Brigade lay in front of Das Reich and the 1st SS Panzer Division Leibstandarte on a sector from Vasilevka to the Molozhavaia gully to Komsomolets State Farm to Ivanovskii Vyselok to Storozhevoe. The 183rd was backed by the remaining dug-in tanks of 2nd Tank Corps. The Corps had 116 tanks, a combination of T-34s, T-70s, and Churchills. The 107th held a second echelon position from Verkhny Olshanets to Gremyache to a machine tractor station.
Army Group South attacked toward Prokhorovka from two directions on July 11. II SS Corps drove from the west while III Panzer Corps continued an advance from the south begun on July 5. At 0830 hours the right flank units of the 183rd Division and 2nd Tank Corps came under attack from a group of 50 tanks, with 200 aircraft in support. In a series of up to nine attacks before dusk the 183rd was badly battered and forced to pull back in places. Late in the day the III Panzer Corps had penetrated the boundary between 48th Corps and the 35th Guards Rifle Corps, which was also part of 69th Army. At dawn on July 12 the 6th Panzer Division captured the villages of Rzhavets, Vypolzovka and Ryndinka, threatening 48th Corps with partial encirclement. Meanwhile, after a long approach march, the leading brigades of 5th Guards Tank Army's 18th and 29th Tank Corps were closing on the positions of II SS Corps just south of Prokhorovka.
Overnight on July 11/12 Kryuchyonkin had regrouped his forces in order to deal with III Panzer. This had left the 107th on a line from outside Veselyi gully to Shukhovtsevo to Gremyache to outside Ploskoe. This shuffle also put the 107th under command of 35th Guards Corps. On the morning of July 14 he wrote:In the course of fighting on 13.07, it was revealed that the enemy had formed two groupings:1. A Southern Group - consisting of the 168th Infantry Division, the 6th Panzer Division, and elements of the 19th Panzer Division - for a strike toward Shakhovo from the areas of Rzhavets and Ryndinka.2. A Northern Group - consisting of the Panzergrenadier Division Das Reich, the Panzergrenadier Division Adolf Hitler, and the 167th Infantry Division - for an attack from the areas of Teterevino, Iasnaia Poliana, and Hill 258.2, also in the direction of Shakhovo.The task of these groupings is to encircle the forces of the 48th Rifle Corps south and southwest of Shakhovo, and to exploit in general direction to the north.Having accurately assessed the German plan Kryuchyonkin issued orders to his corps. A reinforced 48th Corps was to attack and destroy the German forces in and around Rzhavets in cooperation with the 35th Guards Corps. This Corps was also augmented, with the 107th specifically receiving the 130th Separate Antitank Rifle Battalion.
After nine days of continuous combat and now under threat of encirclement individuals and even small groups of the two Corps began deserting their posts. SMERSH set up blocking detachments to the rear and between July 12-17 350 men of the 107th were detained after leaving the battlefield or emerging from encirclement; all but a handful were returned to their units. 69th Army's situation deteriorated on July 14 when II SS Corps broke the defenses near Belenikhino and Vinogradovka with the goal of completing the encirclement of 48th Corps. The German "Southern Group" also attacked at dawn and by 0815 hours had scored a breakthrough with up to 50 tanks, including 10 Tigers, and a battalion of infantry. At 1300 Kryuchyonkin's headquarters reported:... 3. The 35th Guards Rifle Corps: units of the corps in cooperation with Major General Trufanov's mobile group continue to repulse enemy tank and infantry attacks in the direction of Krasnoe Znamia, Avdeevka, Aleksandrovka and Novo-Khmelevoe.After regrouping, the enemy with a force of up to a regiment of infantry and the support of up to 150 tanks resumed the offensive in the direction of Krasnoe Znamia, Avdeevka, Aleksandrovka and Novo-Khmelevoe. At 1200, the infantry and tank attack was repulsed. Up to 40 enemy tanks were knocked out.By the morning of July 15 it was clear that the only possible course was to withdraw the 48th Corps from the pocket as quickly as possible.
This was carried out overnight on July 14/15 beginning at 0140 hours. The remainder of 69th Army supported the withdrawal where and when it could. 35th Guards Corps made diversionary attacks against the right flank of III Panzer Corps early in the morning. the 107th and 94th Guards Rifle Divisions, "with the aim of diverting [enemy] forces from the main axis and creating panic in the enemy's rear" made attacks in battalion strength on Raevka, Verkhny Olshanets, and Shliakhovoe. "The battalion of the 107th Rifle Division, approaching Raevka, was detected by the enemy and came under concentrated artillery and mortar fire, after which it was compelled to fall back to its starting position." By 1040 the withdrawal of five rifle divisions in various states of repair was complete. By this time the Soviet counteroffensive against the Oryol salient north of Kursk had been underway for three days and Army Group South was forced to the defensive. By the beginning of August the 69th Army had been moved to Steppe Front and the 107th was still in 35th Guards Corps.
In preparation for the counteroffensive into Ukraine, Operation Polkovodets Rumyantsev, the commander of Steppe Front, Col. Gen. I. S. Konev, formed a shock group consisting of the 53rd Army and the 48th Corps to attack on August 3 on a 11km front from Glushinskii to Visloe. 48th Corps was to break through the German defense and develop the offensive in the general direction of Belgorod. 35th Guards Corps, consisting of the 94th and 93rd Guards Rifle Divisions and the 107th, was deployed on a 13km-wide front from outside Kiselovo to the center of Staryi Gorod. In what was essentially a pinning attack the Corps was to force the Severskii Donets River near Khokhlova on the first day in cooperation with the 89th Guards Rifle Division of 48th Corps. The objective was to encircle a German grouping in the Dacha area to the east of Visloe, and then on the second day advance to the Belomestnaya–Petropavlovka area to serve as 69th Army's second echelon.
Grylev, A. N. (1970). Перечень № 5. Стрелковых, горнострелковых, мотострелковых и моторизованных дивизии, входивших в состав Действующей армии в годы Великой Отечественной войны 1941-1945 гг [List (Perechen) No. 5: Rifle, Mountain Rifle, Motor Rifle and Motorized divisions, part of the active army during the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945] (in Russian). Moscow: Voenizdat. pp. 53, 203
Main Personnel Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of the Soviet Union (1964). Командование корпусного и дивизионного звена советских вооруженных сил периода Великой Отечественной войны 1941–1945 гг [Commanders of Corps and Divisions in the Great Patriotic War, 1941–1945] (in Russian). Moscow: Frunze Military Academy. pp. 151-52
The 2022 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships were scheduled to be the 14th edition of the Pan Pacific Swimming Championships, a long course (50 m) international swimming competition, and were originally scheduled to be held in Canada in 2022. Canada was awarded the hosting rights at the conclusion of the 2018 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships in Tokyo, Japan, with Swimming Canada president Cheryl Gibson participating in an official handover ceremony to accept the right to host the 2022 edition.
The championships were not held. On 28 May 2020, the four Pan Pacific charter nations—Australia, Canada, Japan, and the United States—announced that the championships would be deferred to 2026, with Canada retaining the hosting rights. The decision followed changes to the international sporting calendar caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, including the postponement of the 2020 Summer Olympics to 2021 and the rescheduling of the 2021 FINA World Championships to May 2022. The 2022 Commonwealth Games were also scheduled for July and August 2022, creating a congested calendar for major international competitions.
Canada initially retained the hosting rights for the deferred 2026 championships. In October 2023, however, the Pan Pacific charter nations agreed to move the championships from Canada to the Los Angeles area, with the change intended to provide an international swimming event in Southern California ahead of the 2028 Summer Olympics and 2028 Summer Paralympics.
The 2026 championships were held at the William Woollett Jr. Aquatics Center in Irvine, California, from 12 to 15 August 2026. The pool competition was contested in long-course format.
Bros (Spanish: Hermanos), originally known as La gang, is a 2026 drama film written and directed by Carol Rodríguez Colás and Marina Rodríguez Colás. It stars Pau Márquez, Badr Oubahassou, and Omar Mills.
Set in 2022 during the FIFA World Cup, the plot follows Ayman, a teenager of Moroccan background who is invited by Sara, a girl from a wealthy family in upper Barcelona, to her 16th birthday party. Upon Ayman arriving to the party with his pals Rober and Eric, the relationship between the three friends is tested.
Originally known as La gang, the film is a Fasten Films co-production with The Gang La Película AIE, Cobalt Films, Saga Film, and Martfilms. Philippe Therasse worked as director of photography. Shooting locations included Cornellà de Llobregat, L'Hospitalet de Llobregat, and Barcelona.
Bros was presented at the 10th BCN Film Fest on 20 April 2026. It also screened at the 41st Guadalajara International Film Festival. Distributed by Filmax, it was released theatrically in Spain on 3 July 2026.
Javier Ocaña of El País pointed out that the film "is sometimes let down by its own good intentions", finding resemblances, in its overstuffing of elements of social activism, to a promotional ad from the Ministry of Equality.
Eulàlia Iglesias of Fotogramas rated the film 3 out of 5 stars, singling out the trio of leading actors as the best thing about the film.
Luis Martínez of El Mundo gave the film a 4-star rating, lauding it as "vibrant cinema, fierce cinema, gritty cinema that surprises and is surprised".
The 2026 Gulf of Mexico earthquake occurred in the southeastern Gulf of Mexico on June 8 at 2:00 PM Eastern Daylight Time. The intraplate earthquake measured 6.1 on the moment magnitude scale and its epicenter was located about 99 kilometres (62 mi) west-northwest of Mantua, Cuba. The event was felt throughout much of Cuba, the Yucatan Peninsula, and Florida, and was the second earthquake of magnitude 6 or greater recorded in the Gulf. Felt intensities, as measured on the Mercalli intensity scale, were as high as V (Moderate) in Cuba, with parts of Florida and Yucatan at IV (Light).
The quake caused minor to moderate damage in Mexico with damage to buildings and road subsidence reported in the latter. Whether damage occurred was unknown in Cuba. Tremors were felt across most of Florida as far away as Jacksonville with thousands of submissions of reports to the USGS in the three affected countries. Rides at Walt Disney World were temporarily closed for inspection for minutes to hours before reopening. In South Florida, many buildings were evacuated as a precaution to the tremors. Tsunami risks were declared nonexistent and no coastal evacuations were made.
The 2025–26 season is the second season in the existence of Inter Milan Under-23, Inter Milan's reserve team, set to be played in Serie C, the third tier of Italian football. In addition to the domestic league, Inter U23 will participate in this season's edition of the Coppa Italia Serie C.
The 57th Maharashtra State Film Awards, presented by the Government of Maharashtra celebrated excellence in Marathi cinema by honoring the best films released in 2019.
The nominations for the awards were announced on 29 April 2022 by the Minister of Cultural Affairs, Amit Deshmukh, along with winners in the technical and child artist categories. The award ceremony took place on 22 February 2024.
In total, 89 entries certified by the Central Board of Film Certification (CBFC) released between 1 January and 31 December 2019, were submitted for the preliminary round of evaluation. Originally, the ceremony was scheduled to take place in May 2022, but it was postponed due to the 2022 Shiv Sena split.
The 2025 Dubai P1 (officially 2025 Premier Padel Dubai P1) was the twenty-first tournament of the fourth season organized by Premier Padel, the premier padel circuit, promoted by the International Padel Federation, and with the financial backing of Nasser Al-Khelaïfi's Qatar Sports Investments.
In the women's category, the pairs ranked No. 1 and No. 3 by the FIP faced each other in a final for the third time in 2025. In the title match, Bea González and Claudia Fernández defeated the world number ones, Delfina Brea and Gemma Triay, claiming their fourth title of the season.
In the men's category, the two top-ranked pairs faced each other in a final for the sixth consecutive time (including the Pairs World Cup) and for the twelfth time this season. In the title match, Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello avenged their two previous losses to Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto, securing their eleventh title of the season.
With this tournament victory, Claudia Fernández, at just 19 years, 8 months, and 8 days old, became the youngest player to reach 10 professional titles across the World Padel Tour and Premier Padel eras. She achieved this milestone by winning the Dubai P1, surpassing records set by Bea González (who reached the mark at 22 years and 17 days) and Ariana Sánchez (22 years, 11 months, and 16 days).
With Arturo Coello and Tapia's victory, they are just one title win at the Mexico Major away from securing the year-end number one ranking, while Delfina Brea and Gemma Triay need only reach the semifinals to finish the year in the top spot.
The 1910 Coloane incident was a military conflict between Portuguese forces stationed in Macau and local pirate gangs based on Coloane island. The incident took place in mid-June 1910 when pirates belonging to the Society of Perfect Justice (Ang Ngui T’ong) abducted 17 school children and dozens of other civilians for a $35,000 ransom on the island of Coloane. Portuguese Governor Eduardo Marques reacted quickly to the requests for intervention and declared martial law on Taipa and Coloane on July 12.
An initial Portuguese landing on the same day was repelled when 45 soldiers were ambushed in the nearby hills, resulting in the death of one Portuguese soldier, António Maria d'Oliveira Leite. The next day, around 200 Portuguese soldiers and police, supported by artillery and the gunship Macau, landed at the island. The gunship bombarded Coloane village and the nearby fishing boats, which triggered resistance from the locals and pirates. In the end, three suspected pirates were captured and 60 surrendered, with several hundred Chinese dead.
On July 14, the gunship Pátria and the cruiser Dom Amélia were deployed. Nine to eleven Chinese warships under Wu King Yung also offered assistance to the Portuguese, who declined. For the remainder of the month and into the first days of August, more than 200 Portuguese personnel, supported by the navy, conducted mopping-up operations and bombardments against suspected pirate hideouts.
By that time, the hostages had been rescued, and over 60 suspected pirates had been captured, with many escaping during a storm. The Portuguese suffered a total of two dead and three wounded. The incident allowed Portugal to incorporate Coloane into its Macau enclave despite protests from the Qing dynasty. A stone monument was later erected in St. Francis Xavier Square to commemorate the Portuguese victory.
Antony, Robert J. (June 2017). "We are Not Pirates: Portugal, China, and the Pirates of Coloane (Macao), 1910". Journal of World History. 28 (2). University of Hawai'i Press. doi:10.1353/jwh.2017.0020.
The 2026–27 Virginia Cavaliers women's basketball team will represent the University of Virginia during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Cavaliers will be led by fourth-year head coach Aaron Roussell, and will play their home games at John Paul Jones Arena in Charlottesville, Virginia as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Cavaliers finished the 2025–26 season 22–11 overall and 11–7 in ACC play, to finish in a tie for eighth in the conference with Clemson. They later lost to the Tigers 50–63 in the second round of the ACC tournament.
Following their tournament elimination, the Cavaliers earned an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament, their first since 2018. They were placed into the First Four as one of the two No. 10 seeds in the Sacramento #4 Regional, where they won against Arizona State 57–55 to advance to the field of 64. In the first round, they defeated No. 7 Georgia 82–73 in overtime, before pulling off the only official upset of the tournament by defeating No. 2 Iowa 83–75 in double overtime to advance to their first Sweet Sixteen since 2000, and becoming the only team in NCAA women's basketball tournament history to do so from the First Four. Their cinderella run came to an end as the Cavaliers would lose 69–79 to No. 3 TCU. On April 6, following the exit, the Cavaliers came in at No. 19 on the Associated Press Top 25 poll, their first ranking since 2011.
On April 5, 2026, head coach Amaka Agugua-Hamilton was fired after four seasons with the program. This came after an internal investigation into Agugua-Hamilton, in which she was alleged to have mistreated staff and players and fostered a 'nightmarish' culture within the team. The university and Agugua-Hamilton later reached a settlement in July.
Two days later on April 7, the school announced the hiring of Richmond women's basketball head coach Aaron Roussell to lead the program. Roussell coached the Spiders for seven seasons, leading them to a 148–72 record and three consecutive NCAA tournaments.
The 2026 Dobropillia offensive is a military operation in the Russo-Ukrainian war by the Russian Armed Forces with the primary goal of capturing the city of Dobropillia in the western Donetsk Oblast.
The Russian army conducted a protracted military operation since mid-2024 to seize the strategic Ukrainian city of Pokrovsk. Following a 18-month battle, the campaign concluded with the Russian capture of the city in early 2026. Even though the frontline remained stable for several months thereafter, the city of Dobropillia was seen as Russia's next target. Russian forces approached the city by summer 2026.
In August 2025, Russian forces breached Ukrainian defenses east of Dobropillia as a result of a surprise offensive. The Ukrainian army had reversed all the Russian advances by fall 2025 after a counteroffensive.
Russian troops launched their renewed offensive toward Dobropillia by conducting a mechanized assault southeast of the city on 22 July. This type of attack was rare as it was the first large-scale Russian mechanized assault in over a year. Ukrainian forces managed to repel this attack by destroying nine Russian tanks, two armored vehicles and three Grad rocket systems. At the same time, Russian forces advanced up to the Rodynske – Novooleksandrivka line to the south of Dobropillia. The Ukrainian Rubizh Brigade stated that Russia is intensifying its offensive operations north of Pokrovsk in preparation of an offensive toward Dobropillia. According to the brigade, Russian troops are actively conducting aerial reconnaissance and demining operations to allow assault groups on quad bikes and motorcycles to advance. Meanwhile, Russian units were spotted operating in the city of Bilytske located north of Rodynske by 26 July. It became increasingly difficult to get supplies into the city. With all the roads being under constant drone control, the only way of transportation to reach Dobropillia is on foot. Another threat for the Ukrainian forces defending Dobropillia is the intensive usage of Russian glide bombs causing massive destruction to the city.
By the end of July, Russian forces took control of Bilytske. Simultaneously, the Russian army pushed into Shevchenko south of Dobropillia and toward the settlements of Svitle and Vodianske. The next week, Russian soldiers infiltrated the villages of Krasnoyarske and Matyasheve. Russian forces cleared the last Ukrainian positions in the city of Rodynske by 8 August. Military analyst Rob Lee noted on 10 August that the Russian rate of advance towards Dobropillia increased. He added that the first Russian infiltration groups reached the southeastern outskirts of the city, attempting to encircle Dobropillia from the east.
The Professional Development League, sometimes known as the Professional Development League 2, is Under-18 football's second tier, designed for those academies with Category 2 status. The league once split regionally into north and south divisions, with each team facing opponents in their own region twice, both home and away, and opponents in the other region once, resulting in 28 games played. Now the league goes into a single table.
17 teams compete in the league this season, three fewer than the previous season and tied for the lowest amount of teams in the league's history. Two teams joined the Premier League 2 with Category One status with AFC Bournemouth U18s, and Brentford U18s joined after being promoted to Category One status after 3, and 2 seasons as Category Two Academies respectively, with Brentford playing 6 seasons in the league total. While 2 Academies downgraded themselves to Category Three, with founding member Crewe Alexandra U18s after 14 seasons, alongside Watford U18s after 11 seasons. However, Bolton Wanderers U18s returned after being granted Category Two academy status after 6 years.
League 2 is run by the Football League under the auspices of the Football League Youth Alliance. This is for academies that are Category Three and Four in the EPPP. The competition consists of the Under-18 sides from the Category Three and Category Four Academy Clubs of the EFL and Premier League, along with selected National League Clubs. 43 Academies competed this season, 1 more than the previous season. For clubs that get relegated to the National League, they have two years to gain promotion back to the EFL. Otherwise, they lose their license with the League. Forest Green Rovers and Sutton United did not return after their parent club lost their EPPP license and would not participate this season. For clubs that get relegated to the National League, they have two years to gain promotion back to the EFL. Otherwise, they lose their license with the League. Bolton Wanderers U18s left after being granted Category Two academy status after 6 seasons. York City U18s and Rochdale U18s joined after their first team was promoted, as well as Crewe Alexandra U18s and Watford U18s when both clubs downgraded their academies to Category Three. The format returned to the Division format for the northern league, while the southern league would play one big table and the winners of the divisions would play in a 4 team playoff to determine the national champion.
Trenkwalder was born in Augsburg, Bavaria, Germany. She attended the Otto-von-Taube-Gymnasium in Gauting, near Munich. She enrolled in LMU Munich to study human medicine in 1979. She completed her medical degree in 1986 and was awarded a Doctor of Medicine in the same year. Trenkwalder undertook specialist training in neurology at the University Hospital Munich-Großhadern in 1988–1993. Trenkwalder completed her habilitation with a thesis on restless legs syndrome (RLS). Her postdoctoral research focused on the epidemiology, causes, diagnosis, and treatment of RLS.
Trenkwalder joined the Max Planck Institute of Psychiatry in Munich as a senior physician in neurology. As a founding member and president of the World Association of Sleep Medicine (WASM), she led its merger with the World Federation of Sleep Research and Sleep Medicine to form Worldsleep. Trenkwalder is a founding member of the European Restless Legs Syndrome Study Group (EURLSSG). She also founded the German Restless Legs Association. In 2000, she joined the Department of Clinical Neurophysiology at the University Medical Center Göttingen, where she continued her research on movement disorders, sleep medicine, Parkinson's disease, restless legs syndrome (RLS), and neurophysiology.
Since 2012, Trenkwalder has served as a W3 endowed professorship of neurology at the Department of Neurosurgery of the University Medical Center Göttingen, and has collaborated with neurosurgeons in the clinical management of Parkinson's disease, particularly in the application of deep brain stimulation (DBS) for movement disorders. Trenkwalder was appointed Chief Physician of the Paracelsus-Elena-Klinik in Kassel, Germany, in 2003.
Trenkwalder has been involved in Parkinson's disease research through her service within the International Parkinson and Movement Disorder Society (IPMDS), which is based on international collaboration in clinical care, education, and research on Parkinson's disease and other movement disorders. She became the first female president of the society in 2019.
Aleksandrs Apsītis (April 6, 1880 – 1943; Russian: Александр Петрович Апсит) was a Russian and Latvian graphic artist, draftsman, watercolorist, and lithographer, known as a book and magazine illustrator. He created posters and propaganda leaflets. He also used aliases А. Петров, Скиф, Апсид, Осинин.
Aleksandrs Apsītis was born in Riga to the family of a blacksmith. After taking lessos with Lev Dmitriyev-Kavkazsky in St. Petersburg, he moved to New Athos, where he illustrated books about the monastery. In 1901 he returned to St. Petersburg and started illustrating various magazines and created advertising posters. In 1905 he moved to Moscow, where he illustrated books. During World War I he created many military-themed color pastels. After the Russian Revolution he became one of the first political propaganda poster artists, while continuing illustrating books and magazines. In 1921, as a native of Riga he repatriated to Latvia. Since 1939 he lived in Germany. He died in Ludwigslust, Germany.
The 2026–27 season is the 60th season in the history of Trabzonspor, and the club's 53rd consecutive season in the Süper Lig. In addition to the domestic league, the club is participating in the Turkish Cup, the Turkish Super Cup, and the UEFA Europa League.
Pld = Matches played; W = Matches won; D = Matches drawn; L = Matches lost; GF = Goals for; GA = Goals against; GD = Goal difference; Pts = Points
The 2026–27 season is the 124th season in the history of Beşiktaş, and the club's 69th consecutive season in the Süper Lig. In addition to the domestic league, the club is participating in the Turkish Cup and the UEFA Europa League.
The 2026–27 UNLV Runnin' Rebels basketball team will represent the University of Nevada, Las Vegas during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Runnin' Rebels, will be led by second-year head coach josh Pastner, playing their home games at the Thomas & Mack Center in Paradise, Nevada as a member of the Mountain West Conference (MW).
The Runnin' Rebels finished the 2025–26 season 18–17, 11–9 in Mountain West play to finish tied for seventh (but got eighth place due to losing the tiebreaker to Colorado State) in the conference. As the 8th seed in the Mountain West Tournament they would beat (9th seed Wyoming) 73–70 in the First Round, but would lose to (1st Seed Utah State) 80–60 in the Quarterfinals. As they were not selected to participate in the NCAA Tournament, they were selected and played in the NIT Tournament, at they were played in the Tulsa Regional, where they would beat (4th seed UC Irvine) 75–72 in the First Round, but would lose to (1st seed Tulsa) 77–66 in the Second round, witch would end their season with an overall record of 18–17.
On August 14, 2026, five people were killed and one other person was critically injured during a spree shooting at three different locations in Missaukee County, Michigan, United States. The police believe that these shootings are related, and identified 39-year-old Chad Hickman as a suspect, who was found dead after a manhunt.
At around 11:40 a.m., Michigan State Troopers responded to a report of a 13-year-old girl being shot at a residence on South LaChance Road in Lake Township. Three other people were found shot and killed in the home, and the girl was taken to a hospital. The suspect, Chad Hickman, is believed to have also gone to another residence and shot and killed a 53-year-old man. Hickman was found dead with a 29-year-old woman near Whitlock Lake.
Six people—four adults and two juveniles—were shot, five fatally. One 13-year-old girl was critically wounded. Two of the deceased were identified as 40-year-old Amanda Everitt and 16-year-old Eric Everitt.
The suspect was identified as 39-year-old Chad Hickman, a resident of Lake City and Jennings. In 2024, he was convicted of misdemeanor fourth-degree child abuse, and was sentenced to one year in jail. He was also charged with felony assault and sexual misconduct, but the charges were dismissed.
Tim Penrose, a neighbor of Hickman, said that Hickman harassed him and his wife, and was aggressive and tried to fight him on multiple occasions.
The 2027 Antalya Challenger 4 (also known as the ATIK Antalya Open for sponsorship reasons) is an upcoming professional women's tennis tournament to be played on outdoor clay courts. It will be the eighth edition of the tournament and the fourth in a series of four WTA 125 tournaments played in Antalya in 2026, with the first three taking place in consecutive weeks in February and March. It will take place at the Antalya Tenis İhtisas Spor Kulübü (ATIK) in Antalya, Turkey between 7 and 13 September 2026.
The 2026 Barranquilla Open, also known as Kia Open, for sponsorship reasons, is an upcoming professional women's tennis tournament to be played on outdoor hard courts. It will be the fourth edition of the tournament, which is also part of the 2026 WTA 125 tournaments. It will take place in Barranquilla, Colombia between 7 and 13 September 2026.
The 2026 Montreux Nestlé Open is an upcoming professional women's tennis tournament to be played on outdoor clay courts. It will be the ninth edition of the tournament and part of the 2026 WTA 125 tournaments. It will take place in Montreux, Switzerland between 7 and 13 September 2026.
The 2006 Kansas Attorney General election was held on November 7, 2006, to elect the Kansas Attorney General. Republican incumbent Phill Kline ran for re-election but lost by a wide margin of seventeen percentage points to Democratic district attorney Paul J. Morrison. As of 2026, this is the last time a Democrat has been elected to a statewide office in Kansas outside of the governor's seat.
'AI tiger' (Chinese: AI六小虎, romanized: AI liù xiǎohǔ, lit. 'Six AI little tigers') is a term for notable startup companies in the artificial intelligence industry in China. There are commonly six companies defined as AI tigers: Z.ai (GLM), Moonshot AI (Kimi), MiniMax, Baichuan, StepFun, and 01.AI. Funding rounds for the tigers are led by BATX, which are composed of China's four largest tech firms.
Aylon Berger of the Lowy Institute argued the AI tigers are far more constrained by financial capital relative to frontier US laboratories. Z.ai and Minimax's initial public offerings on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange, Z.ai at US$558 million on 8 January 2026, and Minimax at $620 million on 9 January, were contrasted to the hundredfold valuations of OpenAI at $500 billion and Anthropic at $183 billion.
Andrew Bowman was born on September 29, 1950, in Melbourne, Australia. His mother was a music teacher, and his brother was the Australian stage actor John Bowman (1947–1996). He adopted the performance name Andrew Dalton to avoid confusion with countertenor James Bowman.
Andrew moved to Buderim with his family at the age of four, and grew up in Queensland. His decision to become a countertenor occurred naturally. He was active as a boy soprano in Buderim in his youth, and after his voice dropped continued to sing in the soprano range using falsetto. He initially studied voice in Brisbane, and in 1972 he won the ABC Instrumental and Vocal Competition. A grant from the Australia Council funded further voice studies in London, and not long after arriving in London he made his recital debut at Wigmore Hall.
In 1974 Dalton sang a concert with soprano Dinah Harris and pianist Geoffrey Parsons at St Martin-in-the-Fields, and made his opera debut in Francesco Provenzale's La Stellidaura vendicante at the Vadstena Academy. This was followed by performances in several Baroque period operas at theaters in Innsbruck, Munich, Bern and Amsterdam. He worked frequently as a guest soloist with the Drottningholm Baroque Ensemble at the Drottningholm Palace Theatre in his early career. In 1977 he portrayed Orpheus in John Tasker's staging of Gluck's Orfeo ed Euridice with the Canberra Opera Company. In 1982 he performed the part of Lidio in the UK premiere of Francesco Cavalli's L'Egisto Scottish Opera at the Theatre Royal, Glasgow.
In November 1985 Dalton's family flew out to London to watch him perform the role of Athamas in Handel's Semele for at the Royal Opera House (ROH); only to have the performances cancelled at the list minute due to a contract dispute between the theater and its orchestra. A month earlier he had been a soloist in Handel's Messiah at the ROH under the baton of Charles Mackerras. In 1987 he portrayed Fernando in Conti's Don Chisciotte in Sierra Morena at the Buxton Festival. He gave his first performance at La Scala in Niccolò Jommelli's Fetonte in 1988, and that same year performed in Monteverdi's Il ritorno d'Ulisse in patria at the Théâtre du Jorat.
According to Elizabeth Forbes, he achieved particular success in the role of Oberon in Benjamin Britten's A Midsummer Night's Dream; a part he sang at opera houses in Basle, Cologne, Lübeck, Karlsruhe, and Linz. Some of the other operas he has performed in include Death in Venice (as Apollo), Jommelli's La schiava liberata, Handel's Agrippina and Handel's Ariodante among others. In 1994 he portrayed Tolomeo in Handel's Giulio Cesare with Opera Australia. He was a soloist with the Australian Chamber Orchestra in a concert of early music in 1997.
Dalton lived in Europe until 1991 when he returned to Australia. He joined the voice faculty of Australian National University (ANU). He was serving as the head of ANU's voice department when he was awarded an Australian Artists Creative Fellowship by the Keating administration in 1995. He later taught on the voice faculty of the Sydney Conservatorium of Music.
Aqua Jet is a 1996 racing video game developed and published by Namco for arcades. It was released in Japan in September 1996 and in North America in October 1996. Hamster Corporation released the game as part of their Arcade Archives series for the Nintendo Switch and PlayStation 4, as well as the Arcade Archives 2 series for the Nintendo Switch 2, PlayStation 5 and Xbox Series X/S in August 2025.
The player rides a jet ski throughout a water course, aiming to reach the first by navigating the level and surpassing enemies within a strict time limit, similar to Namco's Ridge Racer (1993). The time limit can be extended by running into checkpoints on time. Obstacles such as choppy water and ramps to jump on are available. Only one track is available, with an advanced version to be unlocked, though a mirrored version and a mirrored version of the advanced version are available through cheats. The player can play as a penguin through cheats.
Ken Talbot of Nintendo Life gave the Nintendo Switch 2 version a 6/10 score, praising its gameplay, though he criticized its severe lack of content.
Alberto Eduardo White (born April 8, 1971) is an American former professional football defensive end who played in the National Football League (NFL) with the Los Angeles/Oakland Raiders, St. Louis Rams and Green Bay Packers. He played college football for the Texas Southern Tigers. White also has been a member of the Winnipeg Blue Bombers of the Canadian Football League (CFL) and the Memphis Maniax of the XFL.
White was selected in the tenth round, with the 268th overall selection, by the Los Angeles Raiders in the 1992 NFL draft. On July 12, 1992, he officially signed with the team. During training camp, White was involved in multiple fights with teammates, including center Dan Turk. He also got into it with Nick Bell and Ron Brown in what was supposed to be a non-contact practice, with head coach Art Shell noting his aggressiveness. On August 25, White was released by the team.
White was brought back by the Raiders in 1993 but was released by the team on August 24. On May 4, 1994, the team signed him again. White was released on August 29 and signed to the practice squad the following day. He was elevated to the active roster On November 4, 1994. In eight games, White made four tackles and two sacks. On August 22, 1995, he was waived by the Raiders.
On August 23, 1995, the St. Louis Rams picked up White off of waivers. He played in the first two games and recorded one tackle and one sack, both against the New Orleans Saints. On September 14, 1995, he was released by the team after yelling at an assistant coach.
On February 2, 1996, the Rams signed White. He appeared in three games as a backup and made one assisted tackle. After a 31–37 overtime loss to the Baltimore Ravens, White "went on a profane tirade against the media in the locker room" and "told reporters to clear out". He was released on October 28, 1996, due to his conduct, with head coach Rich Brooks mentioning his "Mad Cow" nickname.
White was selected with the 37th pick in the 2001 XFL supplemental draft by the Memphis Maniax. On January 11, 2001, he was waived by the team.
The 1965 Torneio Marinho Rodrigues, or Torneio Maranhão-Piauí, was the 2nd edition of the Torneio Marinho Rodrigues, organized by the football federations of Maranhão and Piauí. It ended up being the tournament's last season, due to disagreements among Piauí clubs regarding the organization.
The tournament was played from February 14 to May 16 by EC Flamengo, Maranhão, Moto Club, Piauí, River and Sampaio Corrêa. It was won by Maranhão after a 1–0 and 4–3 win against Moto Club in the finals, making it the club's first official title outside of state championships.
Orlando Luz and Rafael Matos defeated Constantin Frantzen and Robin Haase in the final, 6–4, 3–6, [10–7] to win the men's doubles tennis title at the 2026 Cincinnati Open. It was their second consecutive ATP Masters 1000 title, having previously won Montreal, thus becoming the first pair in men's doubles to win both the Canadian and Cincinnati Open titles in the same year since Pierre-Hugues Herbert and Nicolas Mahut in 2017, and the fifth pair overall to do so in the Open Era.
Nikola Mektić and Rajeev Ram were the defending champions, but did not compete together this year. Mektić partnered Austin Krajicek, but lost in the second round to Marcel Granollers and Horacio Zeballos. Ram partnered Joe Salisbury, but lost in the second round to Frantzen and Haase.
The constituency comprises the eastern part of the district of Wilmersdorf, including the areas of Ludwigkirchplatz, Prager Platz, Bundesplatz, and Volkspark, within the borough of Charlottenburg-Wilmersdorf.
The 2026 season is the 124th season in the history of Fluminense Football Club, wherein it competes in the Campeonato Brasileiro Série A, the Campeonato Carioca, the Copa do Brasil, and the Copa Libertadores. The season began on 14 January.
The 2026 Open de Sion was a professional tennis tournament played on clay courts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2026 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Sion, Switzerland between 17 and 22 August 2026.
The 2025 FIP Pairs World Cup was the fifteenth edition of the premier pairs tournament organized by the International Padel Federation, returning after a seven-year hiatus.
In the women's category, the top two ranked pairs reached the final for the tenth time in 2025. In the title match, Ariana Sánchez and Paula Josemaría defeated the world number ones, Delfina Brea and Gemma Triay, claiming their seventh title of the season.
In the men's category, the top two ranked pairs met in the final for the eleventh time this season. In the battle for the title, Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto defeated Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello in three sets, securing their eighth title of the season.
Organized by FIP, the FIP Pairs World Cup offers the same ranking points as "Major" tournaments, effectively serving as a fifth "Major," given that the event in Kuwait awards the same points (2,000 for winners and 1,200 for finalists) and the same prize money.
The 2026 Challenger Banque Nationale de Québec was a professional tennis tournament played on hardcourts. It was the first edition of the tournament which was part of the 2026 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Quebec City, Canada between 18 and 23 August 2026.
The 2026 Europcar Cancún Country Open was a professional tennis tournament played on hardcourts. It was the second edition of the tournament which was part of the 2026 ATP Challenger Tour. It took place in Cancún, Mexico between 18 and 23 August 2026.
Marie Bouzková and Linda Nosková defeated Magali Kempen and Alexandra Panova in the final, 6–1, 6–2 to win the women's doubles tennis title at the 2026 Cincinnati Open.
Gabriela Dabrowski and Erin Routliffe were the defending champions, but chose not to compete together this year. Dabrowski partnered Barbora Krejčíková, but lost in the second round to Bouzková and Nosková. Routliffe partnered Aldila Sutjiadi, but lost in the quarterfinals to Bouzková and Nosková.
In 1923 Sheikh Hamad Al Mualla staged a palace coup in Umm al-Quwain after ordering the assassination of his cousin Sheikh Abdullah II, the ruling emir at the time, and was crowned in his place.
Following the premature death of Rashid bin Ahmad Al Mualla from pneumonia in 1922 the senior members of the house of Al Mualla where not present in Umm al-Quwain with the household's slaves taking control of the palace and inviting Rashid's eldest son Abdullah Al Mualla to take the throne. As succession at the time was determined via shura, instead of codified primogeniture, Abdullah feared that his uncles Ibrahim bin Ahmad and Sa'id bin Ahmad would seize power. As such he summoned Muhammad bin Ali bin Huwaydin, leader of the Bani Qitab tribe, and 100 armed men to enter and guard Umm al-Quwain.
Neither Ibrahim nor Sa'id would attempt to seize power, while Sa'id's eldest son Abdullah bin Sa'id was placed under house arrest. However, Sa'id petitioned the British Political Resident that the family was united behind him, and that with British support he could overthrow Abdullah II but the British refused to back him. The British instead attempted to mediate a compromise between Abdullah II and Sa'id, much to the dismay of Abdullah II who refused to meet with the Residency Agent when he visited on September 25, 1923, and instead returned to his summer residence inland.
On October 13, 1923, a slave owned by Hamad Al Mualla, Ibrahim's eldest son, named Ashur stabbed a man from Najd in the local bazaar. Abdullah II summoned Ashur to his palace for a "humiliating punishment" and later that evening, after Abdullah II left his majlis, Ashur followed him into his private room and shot him. Ashur also shot and killed another slave before Abdullah II's 14-year-old brother Ahmad was able to kill Ashur with a shot from a rifle.
According to historian Rosemarie Said Zahlan the stabbing in the bazaar and subsequent assassination of Abdullah II by Ashur was a plot orchestrated by Hamad to seize power while avoiding the guards, meanwhile, the British Residency agent insisted that Ashur acted alone. Regardless, the 14 year old Ahmad attempted to cling to power, but during Abdullah II's funeral Hamad had forces loyal to him snuck into the palace and seized the government's offices proclaiming himself to be the new Sheikh before Ahmad could react.
Hamad's father Ibrahim urged him to abandon his claim to the throne out of fear for his life, which Hamad refused. Instead Hamad was able to negotiate a settlement with Ahmad and the local tribal leaders to confirm his rule, which would be confirmed by the British on November 11, 1923. Hamad was also able to negotiate a settlement with Sa'id and was left with no serious challenges to his rule.
Another uncle, Abd al-Rahman bin Ahmad Al Mualla, would stage a counter-coup in 1929 after Hamad welcomed Khalid bin Ahmad Al Qasimi, the former leader of Sharjah who had been deposed in his own coup in 1924, into the country, leading to a standoff between Sharjah and Umm al-Quwain. Hamad would be killed in the coup, and replaced with Ahmad.
The 2026–27 Texas State Bobcats women's basketball team represented Texas State University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Bobcats, led by first-year head coach Chris Kielsmeier, played their home games at Strahan Arena in San Marcos, Texas as new members of the Pac-12 Conference.
The Bobcats finished the 2025–26 season 11–19, 7–11 in Sun Belt play, to finish in a 3 way tie for eighth place. As an No. 8 seed in the Sun Belt tournament they lost in the third round to South Alabama.
This was the Bobcats' final season as members of the Sun Belt Conference, as they moved to the newly reformed Pac-12 Conference, starting in the 2026–27 season.
Antoine, Texas State's winningest head coach with 225 wins, announced on March 9, 2026 that she was stepping down after 15 seasons.On March 31, the Bobcats hired Cleveland State head coach Kielsmeier as her replacement.
The 2027 Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters is the forty-first season of the premier German touring car championship, as well as the twenty-eighth season under the moniker of Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters since the series' resumption in 2000. It is the seventh season of the DTM to be run under Group GT3 regulations, and the fifth under ADAC's promotion.
31 Stonegate is a Grade II* listed building on Stonegate in the city of York, England. Dating from the late 17th century, it was built as a house and a shop and later adapted for commercial use, with alterations made in the 18th and 19th centuries. The building was included in the Central Historic Core conservation area in 1968. It is now occupied by Walker & Preston's jewellers with offices above and stands next to the early-17th-century No. 33.
It was originally a house and is now used as a shop with offices above. The building dates from the late 17th century, was given a new front in the late 18th century, and had its shopfront altered in the mid‑19th century. In the late 18th century the house was owned by John and William Staveley, who were carvers and gilders. It was known as Briggs' Coffee House in the 18th century, became the Saracen's Head Coffee House by 1815, and later in the 19th century was referred to as the Saracen's Head Inn. In the 20th century it was altered and converted into a shop. It was also formerly known as 21 Stonegate, although the date at which this numbering was applied is unclear.
On 14 June 1954, 31 Stonegate was designated a Grade II* listed building, and in 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area. No. 31 is now occupied by Walker & Preston's jewellers with offices above. It stands between No. 29, built in around 1840, and the early-17th-century No. 33.
The front is built of orange brick, with the ground floor finished in painted render. The left side is of orange‑red brick on a chamfered brick base, and the rear is rendered. The roof is partly hipped and covered with pantiles, with a timber eaves cornice and a brick chimney.
The building has three storeys and two windows on the front. The shopfront includes an open passageway under a flat lintel, leading to Coffee Yard. At the corner of the passage are curved glazed double doors with sunk panels, set to the left of a three‑light window with moulded mullions. The window is framed by plain pilasters with large scrolled brackets and pendants at the top, beneath a full‑width cornice decorated with rosettes, festoons and drops. The first and second‑floor windows are 12‑pane sashes with flat brick arches; those on the first floor have a painted sill band, and those on the second floor have painted sills. A moulded cornice runs along the eaves.
Inside, the cellar retains a fireplace fitted with a mid‑19th‑century kitchen range. On the ground floor, an open‑well staircase rises to the attic; it has a heavy moulded closed string, bulbous balusters, square newels with attached half‑balusters and pendants, and a substantial moulded handrail that ends in volutes at the foot.
On the first floor, the landing has a cupboard door with two raised and fielded panels and drawers beneath. The front room has window and door surrounds richly decorated with composition mouldings, including ribbon and floral motifs and fretwork with rosettes. Its fireplace has jambs carved with satyrs' heads, vines and grapes, and a frieze of scrolling foliage with Bacchus in the centre panel. The skirting is moulded, and the dado rail is enriched with fluting and paterae. The rear room has a six‑panel door and a blocked fireplace with bolection moulding.
On the second floor, doors with two moulded panels in beaded surrounds lead from the landing into both rooms. The front room has a boarded corner fireplace with a frieze of ribbons, festoons and paterae, and a moulded cornice shelf. The back room has a plain fireplace with a hob grate and a simple plank cupboard door. In the attic, two two‑panel doors remain.
Alejandro Cárdenas Alonso (born 28 July 2006), commonly known as Coco Cárdenas, is a Mexican professional footballer who plays as a forward for Liga MX club América.
Born in Mérida, Cárdenas was an academy player for his local club, Venados, before leaving to join the academy of América in 2021. Cárdenas was assigned in the under-16 category, before being quickly promoted to the under-18's and eventually playing for the under-23's prior to his debut.
On July 18 2026, in América's opening game of the 2026–27 season, Cárdenas made his debut for the club, coming off the bench in stoppage-time in a 1–0 away win over Querétaro. On 2 August, Cárdenas scored his first goal for the club, the third and final goal in a 3–0 win over Santos Laguna.
Cárdenas is a tall center-forward who, according to Mexican newspaper Récord, is known for his aerial ability, finishing, and movement in the penalty area. Cárdenas has been compared to fellow Mexican and current América captain Henry Martín. Both players originate from the city of Mérida and play in the same position, while also sharing similarities in their physical profile.
The 2026 Olney house investigation is an ongoing investigation by the Philadelphia Police Department involving evidence recovered from a house in the Olney section of Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. The investigation began after the June 19, 2026, arrest of the property's owner, Eugene Albert Horsch, on gun and drug allegations. A federal grand jury later indicted Horsch on charges of possession of a firearm by a felon and possession of an unlawfully produced document and authentication feature. Pennsylvania prosecutors withdrew five state charges on August 6.
In August, police said digital evidence from the property appeared to show two missing women, Maribel Fresses and Gabrielle Amarando, alive and later deceased. Investigators had not recovered their remains, and authorities could not determine a cause or manner of death. Horsch had not been charged with an offense related to either woman's disappearance or presumed death.
On June 19, a U.S. park ranger approached a BMW that was parked in a restricted area near Independence National Historical Park. According to a police report, a passenger told the ranger that Horsch, the driver, was going to hurt her. Officers reported finding two loaded firearms, a switchblade, drug material and paraphernalia, other weapons and credentials purporting to identify Horsch as a Drug Enforcement Administration agent.
The passenger presented identification bearing her photograph and the name of Blair Tonzelli, a woman reported missing in 2023. Information obtained after the stop led authorities to search Horsch's property in Olney. At the first public briefing, Deputy Police Commissioner Frank Vanore said he had no evidence that Tonzelli had been inside the house.
Police reported finding an additional firearm and gun parts, ammunition, a marijuana-growing operation, purported federal credentials, five urns believed to contain cremated remains, a 55-gallon drum connected to water lines, more than 20 containers of unknown substances and more than 50 hard drives and other electronic devices at the property. The containers were sent to a laboratory in Chicago for analysis. The Federal Bureau of Investigation assisted with evidence recovery and analysis. Investigators removed a section of sewer line from the property in July. Law enforcement sources said an additional search warrant associated with the excavation sought evidence of "wet cremation", described as using chemicals to break down human remains. No human remains were located during that search. By August 12, police said that more than 95 search warrants had been served in connection with the property and its contents. Earlier forensic testing found that material initially believed to be blood was not blood, and none of the items tested at that stage yielded DNA belonging to Tonzelli or McHale.
The false identification prompted investigators to examine Tonzelli's disappearance. Reporting also connected the property to Amy McHale, the former wife of Horsch's late father R.C. Hörsch, who was last heard from at the property in 2016. It was reported that Eugene Horsch was incarcerated when McHale disappeared.
On August 12, Police Inspector Raymond Evers said investigators had found videos and photographs on the first hard drive examined that appeared to show Fresses and Amarando alive inside the house and later apparently deceased. Fresses had been reported missing in 2018 and Amarando in 2012. Evers said the Philadelphia Medical Examiner's Office could not formally determine a cause or manner of death because no remains had been recovered. Police said the recovered digital material included more than 600,000 images, 70,000 videos and 10,000 pages of writings and drawings. Investigators had reviewed approximately 5% to 7% of that material.
As of August 13, police said the digital evidence reviewed up to that point had not linked Tonzelli or McHale to the scene. Evers said investigators had located and interviewed some people depicted in the recovered recordings, while other people shown remained missing.
Police declined to say whether they believed Eugene Horsch or his father was involved in the women's presumed deaths. As of August 13, Horsch had not been charged in connection with any of the missing women or any death investigation.
In July, a federal grand jury indicted Horsch on one count of possession of a firearm by a felon and one count of possession of an unlawfully produced document and authentication feature. State prosecutors withdrew all five Pennsylvania charges at an August 6 preliminary hearing. Horsch remained in federal custody as of August 24.
The 1963 Dhaka First Division Football League, was the 16th edition of the Dhaka First Division Football League following the partition of India. It was played from 15 May 1963 to 29 August 1963, with the venues being the Inner Stadium, Outer Stadium, and the Dacca Stadium. The league was won by Mohammedan Sporting, who finished with 42 points.
The 1963 Dhaka First Division Football League began on 15 May 1963 and ran till 29 August 1963, several players were imported from various regions, such as, Qayyum Changezi from Quetta signed with Dhaka Mohammedan, along with mid season additions of striker, Mohammed Rahmatullah, and Rafat Ali of Kolkata Mohammedan, due to the recruitment experience of official Amir Jang Ghaznavi. Dhaka Wanderers also signed Hanif, and Aslam of West Pakistan.
The league would be won by Dhaka Mohammedan Club, who had played 22 games, accumulated 42 points in total, with Qayyum Changezi finishing the top goal-scorer of the league with 27 goals to his name. With Dacca Wanderers and PWD finishing second and third respectively.
On 27 July 1963, Victoria Sporting Club announced their withdrawal from the First Division League, lodging a complaint to the East Pakistan Sports Federation, due to several factors regarding discrimination and unfair means. The club argued that:
Several of Victoria's players were treated with racial abuse and discrimination. Even proclaiming that the Pakistan Observer deliberately spread racial prejudice regarding their players, labelling the team as the "Makrani XI".
Victoria's board of directors also argued that the rematch between Victoria and Mohammedan Sporting was deemed unnecessary and unfair, stating that it was a clear violation of international rules.
The Pakistan Observer, fired back, stating that several of the statements given by the club were false, and that the club had used the East Pakistan Sports Federation, fans, and the daily itself as scapegoats. Mentioning that one of the club's players reportedly beat an almond seller after a drawn game between Victoria and PWD. The daily also wrote that promoting East Pakistani talent was far more of a better approach than importing and employing West Pakistani players. Denying any form of racism or discriminatory publishing.
Muhammad Umer, the captain of the team also came out and criticised the newspaper, stating that it deliberately labelled the team as a "Makrani XI" to stir up hatred among the two wings.
A charity match was held between league champions Victoria and a selected combined XI of the rest, in aid of cyclone victims, the charity match raised a total amount of Rs. 10,000.
Victoria: Ghulam Hussain, Khuda Bakhsh, Lal Muhammad Khamisa, Hussain Killer, Murad Bakhsh, Abdul Ghafoor, Abdullah Jr., Yousuf Jr., Muhammad Umer, Ghulam Abbas Baloch, Yousuf Sr.
The 2026–27 Premier League 2 is the 15th season of the Professional Development League system. It continues to use the same format as the previous 3 seasons. 31 teams will compete in this season, the most in league history. Bournemouth U21s, and Brentford U21s joined after being promoted to Category One status after 3, and 2 seasons as Category Two Academies respectively. The Chelsea Under-21 team are now known as Cobham Next Gen.
The Professional Development League, sometimes known as the Professional Development League 2, is Under-21 football's second tier, designed for those academies with Category 2 status.
17 teams compete in the league this season, three fewer than the previous season and tied for the lowest amount of teams in the league's history. Two teams joined the Premier League 2 with Category One status with Bournemouth U21s, and Brentford U21s joined after being promoted to Category One status after 3, and 2 seasons as Category Two Academies respectively, with Brentford playing 6 seasons in the league total. While 2 Academies downgraded themselves to Category Three, with founding member Crewe Alexandra U21s after 14 seasons, alongside Watford U21s after 11 seasons. However, Bolton Wanderers U21s returned after being granted Category Two academy status after 6 years.
The 1870 Tennessee gubernatorial election was held on November 8, 1870, to elect the governor of Tennessee. The Democratic nominee, former Confederate general John C. Brown overwhelmingly defeated Republican nominee William H. Wisener by a margin of 31.10%.
Following the Civil War, Tennessee was led Governor Parson Brownlow, a Radical Republican who oversaw the passage of legislation giving rights to freed slaves while removing suffrage from ex-Confederates. Brownlow's policies were opposed by Conservatives in the state who favored reconciliation with ex-Confederates.
Following a strong performance in the 1866 elections, The Conservatives would field former Unionist Emerson Etheridge to oppose Brownlow in the 1867 Tennessee gubernatorial election; however, Brownlow would win re-election by a margin of 53%, significantly aided by the enfranchisement of 40,000 African-Americans earlier in the year.
Brownlow would leave office in 1869 after winning election to the United States Senate and would be succeeded by Dewitt Clinton Senter, whose conservative policies would cause division in Tennessee's Republican party and embolden Tennessee's conservatives, who won control of the General Assembly in August 1869 and repealed many of the laws enacted under Brownlow. The conservative-controlled General Assembly would also successfully call for a constitutional convention which restored suffrage to ex-Confederates.
The 2026 Asian Netball Championships was the 14th edition of the biannual continental championship for women's national netball teams, organised by Asia's governing netball body, Asia Netball. The tournament was played from 8 to 15 August 2026.
11 teams took part, divided into Cup and Plate competitions. This tournament acted as a qualifier for the 2027 Netball World Cup in Sydney, with the top two finishers of the Cup competitions qualifying.
Singapore are the defending champions, beating Sri Lanka, 67–64, at the final in Singapore. Singapore retained the title after a 57–33 win over Hong Kong in the final.
The 2026 FIU Panthers football team will represent Florida International University (FIU) as a member of Conference USA (CUSA) during the 2026 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Panthers will be led by Willie Simmons in his second year as the head coach. The Panthers will play their home games at Pitbull Stadium in Miami.
The 2025 NewGiza P2 (officially 2025 Premier Padel NewGiza P2) was the twentieth tournament of the fourth season organized by Premier Padel, the premier padel circuit, promoted by the International Padel Federation, and with the financial backing of Nasser Al-Khelaïfi's Qatar Sports Investments.
In the women's category, for the fifth time this season, a pair ranked outside the top three reached the finals, where they would faced Ariana Sánchez and Paula Josemaría, who were making their fourth consecutive final appearance. In the championship match, the number two seeds defeated Alejandra Salazar and Martina Calvo, claiming their sixth title of the season.
In the men's category, for the fourth time in 2025 a pair ranked outside the top 3 reached the finals, where they faced the number 2 seeds. In the title match, Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto defeated Jon Sanz and Paquito Navarro with ease, claiming their seventh title of the season.
For the second consecutive year, Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello opted to not compete in the Giza P2. The reason for their absence is that only a player's top 22 tournament results count toward the rankings, and since the "Golden Boys" also missed the event last year, they had no points to defend.
Additionally, the FIP Pairs World Cup, a tournament organized FIP and scheduled for the following week (November 3–9) in Kuwait, awards 2,000 points, serving as the season's fifth "Major" of the season.
Similarly, in the women's division, the number 1 and 3 pairs, Delfi Brea & Gemma Triay and Bea González & Claudia Fernández, also withdrew from the competition due to injuries sustained by Delfina and Bea, respectively.
By reaching the finals at just 17 years, 3 months, and 24 days old, Martina Calvo became the youngest player to reach a professional tournament final, surpassing the record set by Andrea Ustero in 2024.
By winning the tournament, Ariana Sánchez and Paula Josemaría became the first pair to secure titles across the four continents where Premier Padel tournaments have been held: Europe, the Americas, Asia, and Africa.
Just like Ari and Paula, by triumphing at the Egypt P2, Alejandro Galán became the first male player to win titles in Europe, the Americas, Asia, and Africa.
He secured three of these titles alongside Federico Chingotto, but the victory in Asia was achieved with his previous partner, Juan Lebrón, when they won the Riyadh P1 last season.
Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello have also won on every continent where they competed (Europe, the Americas, and Asia), but their absence from the tournaments in Egypt, both last season and this year, prevented them from lifting a trophy on African soil.
The 2014 ISAF Youth Sailing World Championships took place in Tavira, Portugal, from July 12 to 19, 2014 . It was the 44th edition of the ISAF Youth Sailing World Championships.
The men's 200 metre butterfly competition at the 2026 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 12 at the William Woollett Jr. Aquatics Center. The defending champion was Daiya Seto of Japan.
Williams played in the 2012 Leinster Under-21 Football Championship final. He first played senior inter-county football in 2015. Within two years, he was viewed as a possible successor to Derek Maguire. By the end of the decade he had established himself as one of Louth's key players. He played for Louth in the 2023 Leinster Senior Football Championship final.
The 1990 Melbourne synagogue attacks was a series of five arson attacks targeting the Australian Jewish community in Melbourne. Between March and April 1990, synagogues were targeted in a series of firebombing incidents. Other vandalism incidents targeting local synagogues followed later that year.
In the 1970s and 1980s, the Jewish community in Australia experienced various attacks on community institutions and centres including a series of letterbombs targeting Jewish community leaders in the 1970s,, the 1976 burning of the Brisbane Synagogue, the 1982 bombing of a Jewish centre in Bondi, among other attacks. Shortly before the 1990 wave of synagogue attacks, in November 1989, three synagogues in Melbourne were vandalised with various antisemitic slogans and slurs. Other attacks on synagogues across the Jewish diaspora were known to have taken place in the preceding years. And other incidents targeting synagogues in other Australian cities took place in the early months of 1990, including in Sydney, Newcastle, Perth, Brisbane, and Adelaide.
Incidents in Melbourne immediately preceding the attack include the Adass Israel Synagogue being daubed with anti-Jewish slogans in February 1990. Synagogue officials were joined by non-Jewish neighbours to clean and repaint the walls. And in January 1990, one young man had been fined for a recent daubing of a Melbourne synagogue.
The Kew Synagogue in Melbourne, founded in 1949, was targeted in two arson attacks. The first attack occurred on 22 March between midnight and 8:30AM, and involved a brick smashing a window in the synagogue hall and four petrol bombs thrown inside, damaging the interior of the building. The second attack on the Kew Synagogue took place on 11 April on the second day of Passover. A window in the synagogue was broken and a petrol bomb was thrown in, damaging the interior of the building. The police reported that no message accompanied the March and April attacks.
The Caulfield Synagogue, founded in 1943, was also targeted in two attacks, both taking place in April 1990. The first incident took place on Friday, 20 April, at 3AM, and involved the use of a petrol bomb that damaged the exterior of the building. A second attempt to firebomb Caulfield Synagogue was made on the following night.
The Mizrachi Synagogue, founded in 1943, was also targeted on the same night as the second Caulfield Synagogue attack, but the attackers were frightened off by the synagogue caretaker.
Initial reports noted that Victoria Police were investigating the attacks. Jewish community members in Victoria increased security patrols of synagogues and Jewish community leaders noted the absence of condemnations by Church leaders. Jewish community leadership in Victoria called upon the state government to respond to the recent wave of anti-Jewish incidents, including the synagogue attacks.
Anne-Marie Flammersfeld (born 1978) is a German ultramarathon runner, sports scientist and extreme athlete. She is known for winning all four races of the 4 Deserts series in 2012 and for winning the women's race at the North Pole Marathon in 2014.
In 2012, Flammersfeld won all four races of the 4 Deserts series: the Atacama Crossing in Chile, the Gobi March in China, the Sahara Race in Egypt and The Last Desert in Antarctica. Each race covered approximately 250 kilometres. She became the first woman to win all four events in a single calendar year. In 2014, Flammersfeld won the women's race at the North Pole Marathon in a time of 4:52:45, setting a women's course record. The performance was subsequently recognised by Guinness World Records as the fastest women's North Pole Marathon, with a recorded time of 4:52:45 on 9 April 2014.
The 2026–27 Syracuse Orange women's basketball team will represent Syracuse University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Orange will be led by fifth-year head coach Felisha Legette-Jack, and will play their home games at the JMA Wireless Dome in Syracuse, New York as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Orange finished the 2025–26 season 24–9 overall and 12–6 in ACC play, to finish in a three-way tie for fifth in the conference with Notre Dame and Virginia Tech. As the No. 7 seed in the ACC tournament, they earned a bye to the second round, where they defeated No. 10 California. They then fell to No. 2 Louisville in the semifinals.
Following their ACC tournament elimination, the Orange received an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament, where they were seeded No. 8 in the Fort Worth #1 Regional. In the first round, they defeated No. 8 Iowa State 70–58 to move onto the second round. However, they could not go on to the Sweet Sixteen, as they fell to top-seeded and undefeated UConn 45–98 to end their season. The 53-point loss to the Huskies was the team's worst NCAA tournament loss in program history.
Amar Shaheed Bhagat Singh is a Hindi biographical drama film directed by Omi Bedi and produced by Ram Gopal Gupta based on the life of the great Indian revolutionary Bhagat Singh. This film was released in 1974 under the banner of Ram Gopal Chitramandir. It was originally released in Punjabi as Sardar Bhagat Singh.
The film dramatizes the life of revolutionary Bhagat Singh during the Indian independence movement. It portrays his struggle against British colonial rule, formation of Hindustan Socialist Republican Association and ultimate martyrdom with other comrades in 1931.
AI Girl (Thai: AI Girl จะ Gen จนกว่าจะเจอ; also known as: AI Girl Series: Generating Until I Find One and More Than Her Project: AI Girl) is a 2026 Thai girls' love television series produced by MeMindY as part of its More Than Her Project. Directed by Thanpisit Jiradechakul (James), it stars Khawisara Singplod (Myyu) as Gen and Chanya Amarit Duval as Ai. The series premiered on YouTube on 1 July 2026 and concluded on 12 August 2026 after seven episodes. The uncut version was made available on iQIYI one hour after each episode aired.
Introverted artist Gen receives a mysterious package with no returning address. Inside the box is a beautiful, life-like robot resembling her dream girl and long-time muse. When she accidentally activates the robot, she discovers a child-like artificial intelligence who is eager to please, and who insists on being given a name by her 'master'. Gen reluctantly names her 'Ai', and although she initially tries to return the robot, Ai's goofy charm, playful nature, and never-ending curiosity about humans melts Gen's heart, and she decides to keep Ai by her side.
Chanya Amarit Duval as Ai/Model A382, a robot delivered to Gen as a test subject, and shares the same face as Gen's muse. Duval also plays Irene, the lead researcher at the lab that created Ai's model.
Anjali Saraogi is an Indian ultramarathon runner and businesswoman from Kolkata, West Bengal. She has represented India in international ultramarathon competitions, including the International Association of Ultrarunners 100 km World Championships.
In 2018, the Athletics Federation of India selected Saraogi for the Indian team at the 30th IAU 100 km World Championships in Croatia. She was the only woman in the Indian team. She completed the race in 9:40:35, finishing 74th among the women competitors. The Athletics Federation of India named Saraogi its Female Ultra and Trail Runner of the Year for 2018–19. The federation also recorded her 9:40:35 performance at the 2018 IAU 100 km World Championships as the Indian women's best performance over 100 km during the period. In 2019, Saraogi was part of India's women's team at the IAU 100 km Asia & Oceania Championships in Aqaba, Jordan.
108 Base Hospital – Uri is an Indian Hindi-language television medical romance series that premiered on 15 August 2026 on Colors TV and streams digitally on JioHotstar. Produced by Samar Khan under The Epic Company and co-produced by Chanddni Arya for A-Game Entertainment, starring Erica Fernandes, Gashmeer Mahajani and Nikhil Khurana.
Erica Fernandes was signed for the role of Dr. Major Naina Sanwal, and marks her television comeback after a 5 year hiatus. Nikhil Khurana was confirmed to play Major Sameer Dixit. Smita Bansal was selected to portray Lt. Col Principal Matron Kavita Jha. Hiten Tejwani was cast to portray Dr. Col. Suryakant Thakur. Shaleen Malhotra was hired to portray Tegvir.
Colors TV unveiled the first promo in July 2026. It was launched as weekend limited series at 8.00 p.m. slot premiering with India's Independence Day.
The 2028 United States secretary of state elections are scheduled to be held on November 7, 2028, to elect the secretary of state of seven U.S. states.
The previous secretary of state elections for this group of states took place in 2024. The secretary of state of Vermont serves two-year terms and will be elected in 2026.
Secretary of State Denny Hoskins was elected in 2024 with 57.7% of the vote. He is eligible to run for re-election but has not yet stated if he will do so.
Secretary of State Elaine Marshall was re-elected in 2024 with 51.0% of the vote. She is eligible to run for re-election but has not yet stated if she will do so. Though when asked about her 2028 plans, she stated she had no plans of retiring.
Secretary of State Tobias Read was elected in 2024 with 54.4% of the vote. He is eligible to run for re-election but has not yet stated if he will do so.
Secretary of State Sarah Copeland Hanzas can run for re-election to a second term in 2026. Because Vermont does not have secretary of state term limits in its Constitution, she will be eligible to run for re-election for a fourth term, should she run for and win a third term in 2026.
Secretary of State Steve Hobbs was re-elected in 2024 with 59.2% of the vote. He is eligible to run for re-election but has not yet stated if he will do so.
Secretary of State Kris Warner was elected in 2024 with 71.1% of the vote. He is eligible to run for re-election but has not yet stated if he will do so.
The 2026–27 South Carolina Gamecocks women's basketball team will represent the University of South Carolina during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Gamecocks, led by nineteenth-year head coach Dawn Staley, will play their home games at Colonial Life Arena in Columbia, South Carolina and compete as a member of the Southeastern Conference (SEC).
The Gamecocks finished the 2025–26 season 36–4 overall and 15–1 in SEC play, to finish as the conference regular season champions for the fifth straight season. Their only loss came in January, when they were upset on the road 82–94 by No. 16 nationally ranked Oklahoma in overtime.
Entering the SEC tournament as the top seed and the four-time consecutive champions, the Gamecocks earned a double-bye to the quarterfinals, where they easily defeated No. 9 Kentucky. They then moved on to the semifinals, where they defeated No. 4 LSU 83–77 to advance to the title game for the seventh straight year. However, the Gamecocks would be stunned as they lost 61–78 to No. 3 Texas, who also defeated them in November in the Player's Era championship game 64–66 to hand South Carolina their first loss of the season.
In the NCAA tournament, the Gamecocks were seeded No. 1 in the Sacramento #4 Regional, as well as fourth overall in the field of 68. In the first and second rounds, they routed No. 16 Southern and No. 9 USC to advance to the Sweet Sixteen, where they took down No. 4 Oklahoma in a rematch of November's game. They won the regional title in the Elite Eight by defeating No. 3 TCU to move onto the Final Four, where they knocked off Fort Worth #1 top seed and undefeated UConn 62–48 in a rematch of last year's national championship, advancing to their third consecutive NCAA title game and ending the Huskies' 54-game win streak. They would, however, finish as tournament runners-up once again as they fell 51–79 to UCLA in the championship game.
The 2026–27 North Dakota Fighting Hawks men's basketball team represents the University of North Dakota during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I men's basketball season as members of the Summit League. The Fighting Hawks are led by eighth-year head coach Paul Sather and play their home games at the Betty Engelstad Sioux Center in Grand Forks, North Dakota.
The Fighting Hawks finished the 2025–26 season 18–17, 10–6 in Summit League play, finishing in 3rd place. They made it to the championship game of the 2026 Summit League tournament, where they lost to North Dakota State by a score of 62–70.
Barry M. Maletzky is an American psychiatrist. He founded the Sexual Abuse Clinic in Portland, Oregon, 1975 and served as editor-in-chief of Sexual Abuse from 1994 to 2004. He partially retired in 2007, after which he wrote a number of books. Maletzky is the author of Sexual Abuse and the Sexual Offender and Treating the Sexual Offender. He has worked at a number of organizations that help the poor, former inmates and sexual minorities.
The 2024 Tuvalu A-Division was the 22nd season of top-flight association football in Tuvalu. The competition formed part of the Tuvalu Football Championship League 2023–24, organised by the Tuvalu Football Association and played in Riversdale, New Zealand. The A-Division was contested by seven teams, with Tofaga winning the championship. They finished level on 15 points with Niutao United, but were placed first on goal difference.
The 2024 competition was unusual, as it was not played in Tuvalu. The championship was held in Riversdale, New Zealand, and was organised by the Tuvalu Football Association.
The 2027 UAE4 Series is the planned second season of the UAE4 Series, a non-FIA-certified successor to the F4 Middle East Championship. It is a motor racing series for the Middle East regulated according to FIA Formula 4 regulations, organized and promoted by the Emirates Motorsport Organization (EMSO) and Top Speed Sports Events LS Limited.
The 2026 Wyoming Cowboys football team will represent the University of Wyoming as a member of the Mountain West Conference (MW) during the 2026 NCAA Division I FBS football season. Led by third-year head coach Jay Sawvel, the Cowboys will play their home games on campus, at War Memorial Stadium in Laramie, Wyoming.
49 Stonegate is a Grade II* listed building on Stonegate in the city of York, England. Dating from the early 17th century, it was built as a house and a shop and later adapted for commercial use, with alterations made in the 18th and 19th centuries. The building was included in the Central Historic Core conservation area in 1968. It is now occupied by Jo Malone London at ground level, with offices above, and stands between Nos. 45 and 47 and No. 51.
Originally a house and a shop, it is now used as a shop with offices above. It dates from the early 17th century, was extended in the early 18th century, and had its front and roof altered in the early 19th century. The shopfront was updated later in the 19th century. It was formerly known as 30 Stonegate.
On 14 June 1954, 49 Stonegate was designated a Grade II* listed building, and in 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area. No. 49 is now in use by Jo Malone London at ground level, with office space above. It stands between Nos. 45 and 47 and No. 51.
The building has a timber frame and a brick front, with a shopfront that includes some cast‑iron elements. It has a timber cornice and a pantile roof that is hipped in front of the original gable. It has three storeys and an attic, and the single front window sits above a jettied first floor. The shopfront is set between pilasters and a sloping fascia carrying the name "Henry Hardcastle, established 1770: No. 49 Stonegate". To one side of a shallow bay window are double doors with shaped panels, both features having lattice overlights. The first floor has a bow window with three 12‑pane sashes, and the second floor has a single bowed 16‑pane sash. The eaves have a moulded cornice with modillions, returned at each end.
Inside, part of the ground‑floor shop is lined with reused 17th‑century panelling, some of it carved. A staircase with shaped detailing, turned balusters, square newels with attached half‑balusters, and a ramped handrail runs from the ground floor up to the second. On the first‑floor landing there is a small‑pane sash window set in a round‑arched surround, and a similar arch on moulded supports leads into the front rooms. The beams in these rooms are decorated with plaster trails of fruit and flowers. Several 17th‑century panelled doors remain, including some hung on butterfly hinges.
As a fellow of National Museum of Natural History, Paris he was one of the exparts on the family Buprestidae. He Published a well number of research papers and discovered, described and classified hundreds of Jewel beetle species. In his honour, several grop of fellow scientists named several newly discovered species after him.
Aria meyeri, or Meyer's whitebeam, is an apomictic species of tree in the family Rosaceae endemic to Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria, Germany. It is extremely rare and vulnerable to extinction.
Aria meyeri is an up to 15 m tall occasionally multi-trunked tree or shrub with initially smooth and later fissured greyish brown bark. The trunk circumference at 150 cm height is 90 cm. The petiolate, slightly lobed leaves with a dentate margin are 8–10 cm long, and 5.4–6.6 cm wide. The abaxial leaf surface bears white pubescence.
The 5.5–8.5 cm wide inflorescence bears 30–55 white, 1.6–1.7 cm wide flowers. The flower has 20 white, 5–7 mm long stamens with cream-coloured anthers. The faintly green styles are partially fused. The 12–13 mm long, bright red, oval fruit with up to 170 lenticels bears brown, 5.5 mm long, 2.5 mm wide, and 2 mm high seeds.
It was first described as Sorbus meyeri S.Hammel & Haynold by Steffen Hammel and Bernd Haynold in 2014. It was moved to the genus Aria (Pers.) J.Jacq. ex Host as Aria meyeri (S.Hammel & Haynold) Mosyakin, Fedor. & McNeill by Sergei Leonidovich Mosyakin, Mykola Mykhaylovych Fedoronchuk, and John McNeill in 2025. The type specimen, which is held in the State Museum of Natural History Stuttgart, was collected on the 12th of May 2013 by Hammel and Haynold in the edge of a forest south of Külsheim, Baden-Württemberg, Germany at an elevation of 380 m above sea level.
It is endemic to Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria, Germany, where it occurs in an area of about 100 km2 in pine forests, secondary deciduous forests, forest margins, and pastures at elevations of 280–415 m above sea level.
It is a vulnerable species with a restricted distribution and a population of only about 250–999 individuals. Aria meyeri is not specially protected by nature conservation laws, but some of the populations are grow within legally protected areas, or within a military training area. It is not known to be cultivated in any ex-situ conservation collections.
Aria seyboldiana, or Seybold's whitebeam, is an apomictic species of tree in the family Rosaceae endemic to Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria, Germany. It is extremely rare and threatened with extinction. It is believed to have arisen by hybridisation of Aria graeca s.l. and Aria torminalis.
Aria seyboldiana is an up to 10(–20) m tall tree with a trunk circumference of up to 64 cm at the height of 150 cm. The initially smooth and later fissured bark is greyish brown.
The (2.8–)4.5­–6(–7) cm wide inflorescence bears 20­–25(–27) pedicellate, white, 1.6­–1.8 cm wide flowers. The androecium is composed of 20 white, 4–6 mm long stamens with cream or faintly green anthers. The ovary with white pubescence bears 2 glabrous, faintly green, basally fused, 3.5 mm long styles with glabrous stigmas. The elliptic to globose fruit bears 1(–2) brown, 5 mm long, 3 mm wide, and 2 mm high seeds.
It was first described as Sorbus seyboldiana S.Hammel & Haynold by Steffen Hammel and Bernd Haynold in 2015. It was moved to the genus Aria (Pers.) J.Jacq. ex Host as Aria seyboldiana (S.Hammel & Haynold) Mosyakin, Fedor. & McNeill by Sergei Leonidovich Mosyakin, Mykola Mykhaylovych Fedoronchuk, and John McNeill in 2025. The type specimen, which is held in the State Museum of Natural History Stuttgart, was collected on the 19th of June 2014 by Hammel and Haynold southeast of Werbachhausen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany on a former sheep pasture at an altitude of 235 m above lea level. It was first documented by Andreas Kneucker in the forest near Werbachhausen in Baden-Württemberg, Germany on the 19th of June 1945.
It occurs in grassland, forests, and transitional zones between these habitats at 200–330 m above sea level in Baden-Württemberg and Bavaria, Germany. The largest part of its population occurs in the Welzbachtal, a side valley of the Taubertal, near Werbachhausen, Baden-Württemberg, Germany.
It is a critically endangered species with a restricted distribution and a population of only 17 mature individuals and one juvenile tree. It is of very high importance in terms of nature conservation and is included in the red list of Bavaria and Baden-Württemberg. It occurs within three nature reserves, but two of the reserves only have one tree each, while the third has the remaining 16 individuals.
The 2026 Akron Zips football team will represent the University of Akron in the Mid-American Conference during the 2026 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Zips are led by Joe Moorhead in his fifth year as the head coach. The Zips play their home games at InfoCision Stadium, located in Akron, Ohio.
2026 Prime Volleyball League (also known as PVL 2026 or RuPay PVL 2026) is the fifth season of the Prime Volleyball League, a franchise-based Indian professional men's volleyball league. The season is scheduled to begin on 30 November 2026.
The fifth season of the Prime Volleyball League is scheduled to begin on 30 November 2026. The Season 5 player auction is scheduled to be held in Goa on 17 August 2026. The league consists of ten franchises. The teams are Ahmedabad Defenders, Bengaluru Torpedoes, Calicut Heroes, Chennai Blitz, Delhi Toofans, Goa Guardians, Hyderabad Black Hawks, Kochi Blue Spikers, Kolkata Thunderbolts and Mumbai Meteors.
The 2026 season is scheduled to feature 48 matches. The league stage will follow a single round-robin format, with the top five teams advancing to the Super 5 stage. The team finishing first in the Super 5 stage will advance directly to the final, while the second- and third-placed teams will play an eliminator for the remaining final berth.
The 2025 Milano P1 (officially 2025 Premier Padel Oysho Milano P1) was the nineteen tournament of the fourth season organized by Premier Padel, the premier padel circuit, promoted by the International Padel Federation, and with the financial backing of Nasser Al-Khelaïfi's Qatar Sports Investments.
In the women's category, the 2nd and 3rd ranked pairs by the FIP both reached the finals for the fourth time in 2025. In the title match, Ariana Sánchez and Paula Josemaría defeated Bea González and Claudia Fernández for the fourth time in a final, securing their fifth title of the season.
In the men's category, the top two pairs in the FIP rankings faced each other in a final for the fourth consecutive time, and the tenth time in 2025. In the battle for the title, Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto defeated Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello in three sets, marking their third victory over the pair this year, and secured their sixth title of the season.
With their victory in the finals, Ariana Sánchez and Paula Josemaría ended a 105-day drought, securing their fifth title of the season following wins in Riyadh, Brussels, Buenos Aires, and Valladolid.
With their finals victory, Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto achieved a remarkable feat alongside the title win. For the first time since joining forces in January 2023, Arturo Coello and Agustín Tapia lost a set 6–0. Although they had previously lost a set 6–1, such as in Genoa, never before in 288 matches had the world number ones failed to win a single game in a set.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 8 May 1969. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Conservative Party retained overall control of the council.
The 2006 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 10 to August 16, 2006. Ten teams, four international teams and six from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship.
In 1953, the TNI launched several military operations against a DI/TII unit led by Hadji Engkar in Jonggol, undermining the group's strength. This situation led Achmad Sungkawa, DI/TII commander, to take over command from Hadji Engkar, and the conflict between Engkar and Sungkawa ensued. As a result, Engkar decided to leave DI/TII and created an armed group named Achli Sunah wal Djamaah.
Responding to the creation of ASWD, Kartosoewirjo entrusted Djaelani to defeat ASWD and kill Engkar. ASWD clashed with a DI/TII unit led by Sungkawa on 13 May 1954 in the Bogor and Cianjur region, killing one ASWD member. The clash between the two belligerents ended when TNI attacked both groups. On 22 June, three people were killed, and eight were injured near Passir Maung estate, Bogor, and ASWD was believed to be the mastermind of the killing. Twelve ASWD militias attacked Cileteuh hamlet, Cipayung, Bogor for food supplies in November 1954. During the attack, they looted villagers' properties and abducted one person.
Eight ASWD members surrendered and handed over two Steyr rifles and one Mauser rifle to the government in Bantarkalong, Bogor in April 1955. ASWD attacked village guards near Babakan Sari, Pabuaran, Cariu, Jonggol and the clash resulted in the death of eight ASWD member. On 18 August 1955, TNI captured Hadji Engkar alive in Ciawi and it resulted to the dissolvement of ASWD.
The women's 50 metre butterfly event at the 2026 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships was held on August 12 at the William Woollett Jr. Aquatics Center in Irvine, California. The event was won Gretchen Walsh in a championship record time of 24.65 seconds. She finished ahead of her compatriot Kate Douglass who claimed silver and Canadian Taylor Ruck who won the bronze a new Canadian record time of 25.23.
The 2026–27 Premier League International Cup is the eleventh season of the Premier League International Cup, a European club football competition organised by the Premier League for under-21 teams.
The competition features thirty-two teams: sixteen from English league system and sixteen invitees from other European countries. The teams are split into four groups of eight. The best performing Premier League 2 club, and the best non-English club from each group will advance to the quarter-finals.
The women's 200 metre butterfly competition at the 2026 Pan Pacific Swimming Championships took place on August 12 at the William Woollett Jr. Aquatics Center. The 2018 champion was Hali Flickinger of the United States.
Only two swimmers from each country may advance to the A or B final. If a country does not qualify any swimmer to the A final, that same country may qualify up to three swimmers to the B final.
The chess tournament at the 2026 Esports World Cup was held in Paris, France, from August 11 to 15, 2026. Twenty-two players from fifteen teams took part in this tournament – The reigning Esports World Cup champion, 3 players from 2025 Speed Chess Championship, 3 from 2026 Chess.com Open, 6 players from Champions Chess Tour 2025–2026 standings, 1 player from Road to EWC – India Rising, 3 players from Road to EWC – DreamHack Atlanta and 5 players from the Last Chance Qualifier. Twenty-two players from qualified based on their player's performance in these tournaments. Magnus Carlsen from Team Liquid retained his title by defeating Denis Lazavik from AG.AL in the Grand final with 4 rounds to spare.
It was the second edition of the chess tournament at the Esports World Cup, which is part of a two-year partnership between online gaming platform Chess.com and the Esports Foundation (2025–2026) to bring online chess into the event.
In the play-in stage, the three players which qualified from DreamHack Atlanta and five from the Last Chance Qualifier were drawn into a double-elimination bracket, with the top two players advancing to the group stage.
In the group stage, the remaining sixteen players were divided into two groups and competed in a double-elimination bracket, with the first four players to achieve two wins in each group advancing to the quarterfinals.
The playoffs were an eight-player single-elimination bracket. The players that lost in the semifinals had to compete in a third-place match. Quarterfinal matches in the playoffs were best-of-fours, while the semifinal matches and the third-place playoff were best-of-six. The Grand Final was a best-of-three set match, with the first two set consisting of four games each and the third set consisting of two games.
The reigning Esports World Cup champion automatically qualified along with three players from 2025 Speed Chess Championship, three from 2026 Chess.com Open, six from Champions Chess Tour 2025–2026 standings, one from Road to EWC – India Rising, three from Road to EWC – DreamHack Atlanta and five from the Last Chance Qualifier.
Callicaria is a genus of beetle of the family Coccinellidae. It is monotypic, being represented by the single species, Callicaria superba, which is found in India (Himachal Pradesh, Manipur, Meghalaya, Sikkim, Uttarakhand, West Bengal), Nepal, Bhutan, China, Tibet, Taiwan and Japan.
Adults reach a length of about 11–12 mm (0.43–0.47 in). The dorsum is dark blood red to orange-red, with a pair of black spots on the pronotum. The scutellum is black and each elytron has seven black spots.
The A. Ramachandran Museum is an art museum and memorial gallery located in Ashramam, Kollam district, Kerala, India. The museum has been set up inside the Sree Narayana Guru Cultural Complex, established to honor the life, artistic vision, and legacy of the renowned Indian artist A. Ramachandran (1935–2024). Along with his paintings, the exhibits will feature his celebrated sculptures, ceramics, stamp designs, and children’s books. Less than two years after Ramachandran’s death in February 2024 at the age of 88, a museum dedicated to him will offer a glimpse into his life and work, inaugurated by then Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan on October 5 at the Sree Narayana Guru Cultural Complex. The 7,000-square-foot museum has been curated to international standards by art expert Shivakumar
Inside, visitors will find a sweeping collection — vibrant canvases, large-scale murals echoing temple traditions, and experimental works that chart a career spanning six decades. Ramachandran, known for his bold colours, figurative strength, and unique synthesis of Kerala’s folk idioms with global modernism, remains one of India’s most distinctive artistic voices. The collection, supported by the artist’s family, includes twelve oil paintings curated by the artist himself, three monumental lotus pond canvases measuring sixteen by six feet.Beyond the art, the museum displays Ramachandran’s collection of post-Ravi Varma portraits and Nathdwara miniatures, with his art library housed separately at the Lalithakala Akademi, Ernakulam. The logo of the museum, developed from Ramachandran’s famous painting Song of the Simbal Tree.
Alloneda dodecaspilota is a species of beetle of the family Coccinellidae. It is found in India (Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Manipur, Nagaland, Sikkim, Uttarakhand, Uttar Pradesh, West Bengal), Bhutan, Nepal, Tibet, Myanmar, Thailand and China.
Adults reach a length of about 6.5–8 mm (0.26–0.31 in). They are bright lemon yellow with black spots on the pronotum and elytra. The ventral surface is mostly yellow.
The 2026 Down Senior Hurling Championship is the 118th staging of the Down Senior Hurling Championship since its establishment by the Down County Board in 1903. The championship is scheduled to run from 12 August to October 2026.
The 2026 Western Kentucky Hilltoppers football team will represent Western Kentucky University as a member of Conference USA (CUSA) during the 2026 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Hilltoppers will be led by Tyson Helton in his eighth year as the head coach. The Hilltoppers will play their home games at Houchens Industries–L. T. Smith Stadium, located in Bowling Green, Kentucky.
WKU held its annual Pro Day on March 10, 2026, at the Harold and Juanita Koon Football Complex, Tim and Sarah Ford Fieldhouse, and Houchens Industries–L. T. Smith Stadium.
WKU held its Red and White Spring Showcase game on April 11, 2026. The offense faced the defense in what ended with a 33–33 tie.
The 2025 Women's Pro Baseball League draft was the first edition of the Women's Pro Baseball League (WPBL) annual draft, taking place on November 20, 2025, virtually on YouTube. The draft assigned players from across 10 countries to WPBL teams. The draft created the rosters for the 2026 Women's Pro Baseball League season.
The process for the draft began with tryouts on August 22–26, 2025, with over 600 women across 10 countries trying out over four days. The final day of tryouts, which featured two seven-inning scrimmages, took place at Nationals Park, the home of the Washington Nationals of Major League Baseball. 150 players were selected for final consideration from tryouts, video submissions, and some were scouted by the league, for the November draft, to fill 120 draft picks.
The draft was organized to have six rounds, with 20 picks total per round, and five picks for each of four teams in each round, in a snake style format. The draft order, selected by the WPBL's law firm, was selected as the San Francisco Firebells, Los Angeles Queens, New York Heights, and Boston Hunters. No player was guaranteed a roster spot or contract. In total, each team drafted 15 players to their active roster.
The 2007 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 9 to August 15, 2007. Ten teams, four international teams and six from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship.
The 2026–27 Big Ten women's basketball season will begin with practices in October 2026, followed by the start of the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season in November 2026. The regular season will end in March of 2027.
The season will be the conference's third with 18 teams. The conference announced that all teams will play 18 regular season conference games with each school playing one school both home and away, while facing 16 teams once.
On March 24, 2025, Joe McKeown announced he would retire following the conclusion of the 2025–26 season, after 18 years as head coach. On March 25, 2026, Carla Berube was named McKeown's successor.
On March 2, 2026, Coquese Washington was fired after four years as head coach. On March 9, 2026, Gary Redus II was named Washington's successor.
The 2026–27 Utah State Aggies women's basketball team represents Utah State University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Aggies, led by third-year head coach Wesley Brooks, play their home games at the Smith Spectrum in Logan, Utah, as new members of the Pac-12 Conference.
The Aggies finished the 2025–26 season 6–24, 2–18 in Mountain West play, to finish in a tie for last place. As No. 11 seed in Mountain West tournament they lost in the first round to Grand Canyon.
This season will mark Utah State's last season as members of the Mountain West Conference, as they will be joining the newly reformed Pac-12 Conference, effective July 1, 2026.
The 2014 Pozzallo migrant shipwreck took place in the Strait of Sicily off the coast of Pozzallo, Sicily, during the night between 30 June and 1 July 2014, when a fishing boat carrying African migrants was rescued by the Italian Navy frigate Grecale. The incident caused the death of 45 migrants, all adult males originally from sub-Saharan Africa, who died of asphyxiation in the hold of the vessel.
The fishing vessel involved in the accident had departed from the Libyan coast overloaded, as approximately 600 migrants, almost all of them from sub-Saharan Africa, were crammed onto the vessel. Most of the migrants had been crammed into the vessel's hold, in precarious hygienic conditions and with no possibility of movement in the cramped spaces. During an unspecified moment during the crossing towards the Sicilian coast, the vessel's hold began to fill with exhaust fumes from the vessel's engines, causing the death of 45 migrants by asphyxiation, or by drowning following the hold filling with water that was taken on board by the vessel.
After it entered Italian territorial waters, the vessel was recovered by the Italian Navy frigate Grecale, which rescued the 566 survivors, including numerous children and pregnant women, and took them to the port of Pozzallo. The bodies of the 45 victims were found in the ship's hold and were transferred to the cemetery in Pozzallo.
The accident, which occurred in one of the most tragic months in terms of the number of deaths during attempted Mediterranean Sea crossings, caused emotion and indignation with wide international resonance. Following the accident, the president-elect of the European Commission, Jean-Claude Juncker, suggested the appointment of an ad hoc European commissioner to deal with the migration crisis; the delegation for the management of migratory flows was subsequently assigned to the European Commissioner for Internal Affairs and Migration.
The funerals of the victims, not all of whom have been identified, were held on 22 July 2014 in Pozzallo, in whose cemetery some of the migrants were buried.
On January 14, 2024, the tenth anniversary of the disaster, a monument in memory of the victims of the shipwreck was inaugurated in Pozzallo. The monument, composed of a stele, the original propeller of the trawler, (restored for the occasion), and a rudder, was placed on the Raganzino promenade, not far from the port where the survivors landed.
Party leader Benjamin Netanyahu sought in May 2026 to expand the number of reserved slots which he could select on the party's electoral list, supporting a plan which would allow him to select 10 candidates. Another option he considered was replacing the primaries entirely with a selection committee, which party member David Bitan strongly opposed.
The Lod District Court postponed a scheduled 15 July vote to approve the plan, ruling that rather than the party's Central Committee, the electorate should be expanded to include Likud voters.
The party's Constitution Committee met on 19 July, approving a plan that gave Netanyahu the right to select eight seats, in addition to allowing him to cancel primaries in the event of "wartime." The Likud court intervened on 26 July, issuing a ruling that did not allow Netanyahu to cancel the primaries.
The party announced on 11 August that the Likud secretariat would be asked to approve three additional slots for Gideon Sa'ar, Israel Katz and Haim Katz. Haim Katz's slot was frozen by the Likud court the same day. The Likud secretariat approved the slots for Sa'ar and Israel Katz later that day. The Likud court voted to approve Haim Katz's slot the following day. Sitting MK Tally Gotliv was critical of the decision. The reserved slots are reportedly a way for Netanyahu to dilute the strength of certain Likud members, such as Gotliv, Shlomo Karhi and May Golan, who are popular with the party's political base, but would be "less appealing to moderate right-wing and swing voters" during the general election.
On 4 August, the Likud court overturned a Central Committee vote from the previous week that would have allowed incumbent lawmakers and ministers to run for regional district spots. By returning those slots exclusively to political newcomers, the ruling eliminated a critical safety net for sitting MKs, making it significantly harder for them to secure realistic, winnable positions on the electoral list.
The Tel Aviv District Court rejected the appeal of Likud MK Afif Abed on 10 August. Abed stated that he would appeal the result. Abed petitioned the High Court of Justice on 12 August, though the judges who heard the case were sceptical of intervening in the decision of an internal party court, with Abed withdrawing the appeal after arguments were heard. The appeal was formally dismissed after the hearing, with the party court's ruling remaining in place.
On 13 August, Likud MK Eliyahu Revivo withdrew from the primary in protest of the decision. It was also reported the same day that several Likud MKs were considering defecting to the newly-founded Unity party of Gilad Erdan and Yuli Edelstein, themselves former Likud ministers and MKs. On 14 August, MKs Tsega Melaku and Moshe Passal announced they will not run in the primary.
Party members can vote for different types of seats; all registered party voters can vote for the national list. Regional seats are voted on according to member's geographic location, while there are additional seats set aside for representation, in addition to seats that are reserved for Netanyahu to select.
The regional seats include 12 seats in "Jerusalem, West Bank and Shfela" as well as 10 seats for "Dan and Tel Aviv", four seats "in the Negev", five seats "in the Galilee and valleys", six seats for "the coastal plain", six seats "for "regional councils" and two seats allocated for "the Haifa district." The representation seats include a seat set aside for a youth candidate, seven allocated for immigrants, a seat set aside for young people, seven seats for immigrants, six seats for non-Jews, five set aside for those with disabilities, and 13 seats for women who are new to the party.
107 polling sites were open during the election. It is anticipated that the finalized positions on the party's list will shift, due to Netanyahu's reserved seats and district seat allocations.
The primary was scheduled to be held on 28 July, but it was delayed by the party's Constitution Committee on 29 June until 4 August. The following month, the committee voted to postpone the primary until 17 August.
Golan and MK Amit Halevi issued complaints against the Likud Central Election Committee and called for the vote count to be ended at the polling location in Yeroham, claiming that there were "repeated incidents of erasures, alterations, and vote markings" that did not match.
Turnout was reported to be 53%, with 76,068 party members voting. This marked a five per cent decrease compared to the previous primary. Naama Lazimi, an MK with the opposition party The Democrats, noted her candidacy in her own party's primary earned her more votes than the total votes cast in the Likud primary.
Ministers who are expected to lose their seats in the upcoming election include Nir Barkat, Zeev Elkin, Gila Gamliel, May Golan, Idit Silman and Avi Dichter. MKs who are likely to lose their seats include Amit Halevi, Avihai Boaron, Hanoch Milwidsky, Ariel Kallner and Nissim Vaturi.
The 1986 South Carolina lieutenant gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 1986, to elect the lieutenant governor of South Carolina. Incumbent Democrat Michael R. Daniel was term-limited and instead ran unsuccessfully for governor of South Carolina.
South Carolina state senator Nick Theodore won the election, defeating Republican U.S. Representative Thomas F. Hartnett by a narrow margin of just 1.88 percentage points.
14 August – Cameroon joins the Kimberley Process Certification Scheme, an international certification for rough diamonds that aims to prevent the trade of blood diamonds.
August–September – Flooding caused by a month of heavy rainfall in the Far North Region leaves nearly 30 people dead and displaces at least 4,000.
4 October – The Yaoundé High Court sentences businessman Michel Thierry Atangana and former secretary-general of the presidency Titus Edzoa to 20 years in prison. The two were held in detention since 1997 under accusations of embezzlement.
14 November – Four environmentalist activists protesting the construction of the 70,000 ha (170,000 acres) Herakles plantation are arrested in the town of Mundemba. They are granted a conditional release on 18 November.
The 2026–27 Utah Utes women's basketball team will represent the University of Utah during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Utes, led by third-year head coach Gavin Petersen, will play their home games at the Jon M. Huntsman Center in Salt Lake City, Utah as a member of the Big 12 Conference.
The Utes finished the 2025–26 season 19–13 overall and 10–8 in Big 12 play, to finish in a tie for seventh in the conference alongside Iowa State. As the No. 8 seed in the Big 12 tournament, they lost in the first round to rival No. 9 BYU.
Following their tournament elimination, the Utes earned an at-large bid to the WBIT, their first appearance since the tournament's creation in 2024. This also marked the first time in four years that Utah failed to qualify for the NCAA tournament. In the WBIT, they were seeded No. 1 in their namesake bracket, where they lost in the first round 58–72 to Eastern Kentucky.
The 2008 Council of the District of Columbia election was held on November 4, with primaries taking place on September 9. The only councilmember to lose their seat was Republican At-large member Carol Schwartz, who lost in the Republican primary for the At-large nomination.
Democrats retained their 11 seats and remained the largest party on the Council, with no seats being lost to other parties or independents. Republicans lost their sole remaining seat on the Council, while lone Independent David Catania was joined by Michael A. Brown
Three-term incumbent Republican Carol Schwartz failed to secure the nomination of her party to run for a fourth term in the primary, losing to younger challenger Patrick Mara. Mara ultimately lost to Independent candidate Michael A. Brown.
During the petitioning phase of the primary, candidate Sandra Seegars challenged the validity of the signatures on the petitions of four candidates, with three withdrawing from the Democratic primary and two of those eventually appearing on the ballot as independent candidates.
The 2026–27 Premier League Cup is the thirteenth edition of the competition. A new format for 2026/27 was made for the competition, with 40 teams divided into 10 groups of four. Each side plays the other three teams home and away, with the 10 group winners and six best runners-up advancing to the Round of 16. This is 8 clubs more than last time after contracting back to 32 last season. 4 academies that participated last season did not return this year. Last year's runners up and inaugural participant Sunderland did not return after 12 consecutive seasons in the competition, Colchester United after 10 consecutive seasons, Watford did not return after 2 consecutive seasons, and finally Leyton Orient did not return after playing last year. In terms of teams returning to the competition, 10 teams came back. Bolton Wanderers and Gillingham return for the first time since the competition was a knockout only in 2015–16, West Ham United returns after a 5 season absence, Plymouth Argyle is returning for the after a 4 year absence since 2022–23, Newcastle United and Peterborough United returned after a 2 year absence, and Brighton & Hove Albion, Fleetwood Town, Huddersfield Town, Leeds United, and Southampton returned after missing last year's competition. Wycombe Wanderers is participating in the competition for the very first time.
The 2026–27 Washington State Cougars women's basketball team represented Washington State University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Cougars are led by ninth-year head coach Kamie Ethridge, and play their home games at Beasley Coliseum as new members of the Pac-12 Conference.
The Cougars finished with a regular season record of 9–25, 6–12 in WCC play to finish in a three-way tie for eighth place. As a No. 9 seed in the WCC tournament they defeated Pacific and Pacific in the first and second rounds before losing to Portland in the third round.
55 Low Petergate is a Grade II* listed building on Low Petergate in the city of York, England. Built as a house in the early 17th century, it was refaced in the mid‑18th century, adapted for shop use in the 19th century, and renovated around 1990. Formerly known as 38 Low Petergate, it became part of the Central Historic Core conservation area in 1968. It is now occupied by a branch of L'Occitane en Provence.
Originally built as a house, it was later converted into a shop. It dates from the early 17th century, with the front rebuilt in the mid‑18th century. The shopfront was altered in the 19th century, and the building was renovated around 1990. It was formerly known as 38 Low Petergate.
On 14 June 1954, 55 Low Petergate was designated a Grade II* listed building, and in 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area. It stands between Jackson House at No. 53, and No. 57, which are both listed at Grade II. No. 55 is now occupied by a branch of the French retailer L'Occitane en Provence.
The building is timber‑framed and later refaced in orange‑grey brick, with the rear rendered. It has a moulded timber cornice with dentils and modillions, and a pantile roof with a rendered brick chimney. The front is four storeys and three bays. The shopfront has sunk‑panel pilasters with decorative roundels at the top, a panelled fascia and cornice, and a plate‑glass window above a sunk‑panel riser, flanked by two six‑panel doors. The first and second‑floor windows are 12‑pane sashes with painted stone sill bands. The third‑floor windows are squat six‑pane sashes with painted stone sills; the outer ones are blind, flanking the original attic window in the gable. All the windows have flat arches of orange brick.
At the rear, a gabled wing behind the front block has an external stack supporting four diagonally set chimney flues. Most windows are 20th‑century replacements, except for one two‑by‑six Yorkshire sash in the attic. The front block has a cogged brick eaves course.
Inside, the ground‑floor front room has large panelled beams exposed. The staircase rises through the full height of the house and is built with a close string, heavy bulbous balusters, a moulded handrail, and panelled newels finished with shaped finials. On the first floor, the front room is divided by a light studded partition wall and has a cornice with dentils and modillions. An original 19th‑century lettered shop window is preserved on display on the first‑floor landing.
The 2025 Rotterdam P1 (officially 2025 Premier Padel Decathlon Rotterdam P1) was the eighteenth tournament of the fourth season organized by Premier Padel, the premier padel circuit, promoted by the International Padel Federation, and with the financial backing of Nasser Al-Khelaïfi's Qatar Sports Investments.
In the women's category, the top two pairs in the FIP rankings both reached the final for the ninth time in 2025. In the title match, Delfina Brea & Gemma Triay defeated Ariana Sánchez & Paula Josemaría in three sets, claiming their ninth title of the season and extending their head-to-head over their rivals to 7–1 (with one draw).
In the men's category, the top two pairs in the FIP rankings faced each other in a final for the ninth time in 2025. In the title match, Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello avenged their loss from the previous tournament by defeating Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto for the seventh time in 2025, securing their tenth title of the season.
Bea González and Claudia Fernández were forced to withdraw from the Rotterdam P1 following a medical recommendation given to Bea as a preventive measure to avoid a potential injury. Their spot would be taken by a "lucky loser" pair, who would face Lara Arruabarrena and Julieta Bidahorria in the Round of 16.
The multiplayer online battle arena (MOBA) video game League of Legends had a tournament at the 2026 Esports World Cup in Paris, France, from July 15 to 19, 2026. Sixteen teams took part in this tournament – three each from the LCK (Korea), LEC (EMEA), and LPL (China), two each from the LCP (Asia-Pacific), LCS (North America), and CBLOL (South America), and the defending champions Gen.G.
It was the third League of Legends tournament at the EWC and the second under a three-year partnership between game developer Riot Games and the Esports World Cup Foundation to bring League of Legends, Valorant, and Teamfight Tactics into the event until 2027. Dplus KIA of the League of Legends Champions Korea (LCK) won the tournament, defeating Karmine Corp of the League of Legends EMEA Championship (LEC) 3–0 in the final.
In the group stage, all sixteen teams were divided into four groups of four and competed in a GSL-style group stage double-elimination bracket, with the top two teams in each group advancing to the playoffs. Opening matches and winners' matches in the group stage were best-of-ones, while elimination and decider matches were best-of-three.
In the playoffs, the teams that qualified through the group stage competed in an eight-team single-elimination bracket. Matches in the quarter-finals and semi-finals were best-of-three; the final was a best-of-five. The teams that lost in the semifinals competed in a third-place match.
2025 tournament winners Gen.G automatically qualified for the 2026 edition by virtue of being defending champions. The League of Legends Champions Korea (LCK), League of Legends Pro League (LPL), and League of Legends EMEA Championship (LEC) had three representatives each. The League of Legends Championship Pacific (LCP), League of Legends Championship Series (LCS), and Campeonato Brasileiro de League of Legends had two representatives each.
The 2008 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 7 to August 13, 2008. Ten teams, four international teams and six from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship.
The 1990 Idaho Attorney General election was held on November 6, 1990, to elect the Idaho Attorney General. Republican incumbent Jim Jones chose not to seek a third term, instead unsuccessfully running in the Republican primary for U.S. Senate.
Former Idaho state representative Larry Echo Hawk won the election, defeating Republican Deputy Idaho Attorney General Pat Kole by eleven percentage points. As of 2026, this is the last time a Democrat was elected Idaho Attorney General.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 9 May 1968. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Conservative Party gained overall control of the council from no overall control.
Catherine Ella Blanshard Asher (1946-2023), who published as Catherine B. Asher and was known to friends as Cathy Asher, was an American art historian. Professor of art history at the University of Minnesota, she was "an expert on premodern South Asian and Islamic art and architecture".
Asher gained her PhD in art history from the University of Minnesota in 1984, with a thesis on 'The Patronage of Sher Shah Suri: A Study of Form and Meaning in 16th Century Indo-Islamic Architecture'. She went on to become first Assistant Professor and then Professor at the University of Minnesota.
Lang-Laris studied at the Academy of Fine Arts Vienna with the artists Remigius Adrianus Haanen and Albert Zimmermann.As an artist, she was known for her still lifes, landscapes, and depictions of flowers. Her subjects, style, and brushwork show the influence of the Austrian Mood Impressionism movement, as well as a close affinity for the works of Emil Jakob Schindler.
Beginning in 1863, she displayed her work at various shows of the Austrian Art Association and the Krakow Art Exhibitions. In 1872, she became the first woman to exhibit regularly at the Vienna Künstlerhaus.
Lang-Laris moved in 1898 to Munich, where she resided until 1913. While there, she joined the Luitpold Group, a modernist artistic community founded in 1892, as well as the Munich Artists' Cooperative.
In the 1920s, the Hermine Lang-Laris Advancement Award was awarded annually to up-and-coming Austrian female artists. This prize was funded by donations from Lang-Laris' sister, Ernestine Figdor, to the Vienna Künstlerhaus. The prize was awarded each year on April 2, the deceased artist's birthday, to a Viennese female painter.
The 2026 Maranhão general election will be held on 4 October 2026 in the Brazilian state of Maranhão. Voters will elect a Governor, Vice Governor, two Senators, 18 representatives for the Chamber of Deputies and 42 members of the Legislative Assembly of Maranhão, who will serve four-year terms running from 1 January 2027 to 1 January 2031. If no candidate for president or governor receives a majority of the valid votes in the first round, a runoff election is held on 25 October.
Incumbent governor Carlos Brandão of the Brazilian Democratic Movement (MDB), who succeeded Flávio Dino in 2022 and was elected in his own right later that year, is term-limited and ineligible to run for a third consecutive term. He declined to contest any other office and will serve out his mandate. Incumbent senators Weverton Rocha of the Democratic Labour Party (PDT) and Eliziane Gama of the Workers' Party (PT) are completing their eight-year terms and are both seeking re-election.
Note: This section only presents the main dates of the 2026 electoral calendar; check the TSE official website (in Portuguese) and other official sources for detailed information.
Carlos Brandão, then a member of the Brazilian Socialist Party (PSB), was elected in the first round in 2022 with 51.29% of the valid votes. He had assumed the governorship in April of that year after Flávio Dino resigned to run for the Senate; Dino was elected but gave up the seat to become Minister of Justice and Public Security under president Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva, and was subsequently confirmed to the Supreme Federal Court in December 2023.
Brandão's administration was characterised by a policy of municipalism, built around regular meetings with the mayors of Maranhão's municipalities. In August 2025, however, he broke with the so-called ala dinista, the wing of the governing coalition aligned with Flávio Dino, citing political interference and disagreements over local and national alliances for 2026. The rupture led Brandão to leave the PSB and left the pro-Lula wing of the coalition divided between his vice governor Felipe Camarão (PT), the mayor of São Luís Eduardo Braide (PSD), and Brandão's own nephew and preferred successor, Orleans Brandão. Brandão joined the MDB, the party chaired in the state by his brother Marcus Brandão, with his membership publicly confirmed in May 2026.
The contest has been framed by commentators as a duel between two centrist candidates from rival branches of the same extended family: Braide, who resigned as mayor of São Luís in order to run, and Orleans Brandão, the governor's nephew and former State Secretary for Municipal Affairs, who are second cousins. The split in the governing centre-left left the PT's Camarão running a distant third in early polling.
Weverton Rocha, a former Federal Deputy, was elected in 2018 with 34.91% of the valid votes, alongside Eliziane Gama, then a member of the PPS (now Cidadania). Both ran on the ticket of the then governor Flávio Dino (PCdoB). Gama left the PSD for the PT in April 2026; the two incumbents are seeking re-election on opposing tickets, Rocha with the MDB-led coalition and Gama with the PT-led coalition.
Felipe Camarão, lawyer and professor, current Vice Governor of Maranhão (since 2023), and former State Secretary of Education (2016–2022, 2023–2024), of Government (2016), of Culture (2015–2016) and of Management and Social Security (2015).
Carlos Brandão, veterinarian and businessman, current Governor of Maranhão (since 2022), former Vice Governor (2015–2022) and former Federal Deputy (2007–2011, 2012–2014). Term-limited, he opted to remain in office until the end of his mandate rather than contest another office.
Lahesio Bonfim (NOVO), former Mayor of São Pedro dos Crentes (2017–2022). On 11 June 2026 he withdrew his pre-candidacy for governor and announced a Senate bid instead.
Carlos Brandão, Governor of Maranhão (since 2022). When the disqualification deadline passed on 4 April 2026, Brandão confirmed he would remain in office to the end of his term rather than run for the Senate.
Duarte Júnior (Avante), Federal Deputy for Maranhão (2023–2026). After Avante's national executive decided not to field Senate candidates, Duarte Júnior was left without a party through which to run.
Ivo Nogueira (NOVO), pastor and teacher. Initially a Senate pre-candidate, he was passed over by the party's state leadership in favour of Lahesio Bonfim and subsequently withdrew altogether.
Mirante News FM scheduled interviews with the gubernatorial candidates on the programme Ponto Final between 10 and 18 August; with Senate candidates on Abrindo o Verbo between 19 August and 2 September; and with candidates for vice governor on Panorama between 17 and 25 September.
On Mirante FM, gubernatorial candidates are to be interviewed on Jornal da Mira between 20 and 28 August, and Senate candidates on the same programme between 3 and 21 September. The Imirante portal will hold its interviews with gubernatorial candidates from 20 to 28 August and with Senate candidates from 3 to 21 September.
TV Mirante will interview Senate candidates on Bom Dia Mirante between 14 and 28 September and gubernatorial candidates on JMTV 1ª Edição between 14 and 21 September. Rádio Universidade FM and TV UFMA will question the gubernatorial candidates between 27 August and 4 September. TV Cidade will hold interviews with the gubernatorial candidates between 17 and 25 August on Balanço Geral MA.
Televised debates are scheduled between 9 August and 29 September 2026 for the first round. Broadcasters opted to invite only the candidates polling most strongly.
The 2026–27 season of the Adran Premier, also known as Genero Adran Premier for sponsorship reasons, is the 18th season, 6th since the establishment of the current format, of the top-level women's football league in Wales.
As part of the British honours system, Special Honours are issued at the Monarch's pleasure at any given time. The Special Honours refer to the awards made within royal prerogative, operational honours and other honours awarded outside the New Years Honours and Birthday Honours.
The Right Honourable Leonard Robert Carr, M.P., Member of Parliament for Mitcham 1950-74 and for Sutton/Carshalton since 1974. Secretary of State for Employment 1970-72. Lord President of the Council, 1972. Secretary of State for the Home Department 1972-74.
The 2026–27 Czech Women's First League is the 34th season of the Czech Republic's top-tier football league for women. Sparta Prague are the defending champions.
The eight teams played each other twice for a total of 14 matches per team. After that the top four teams played a championship round for another six matches per team. The bottom placed four teams played the relegation round. The champions and runners-up qualify for the 2027–28 UEFA Women's Champions League.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 11 May 1967. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
The Women's sprint competition at the 2005 UCI Track Cycling World Championships was held over two days at ADT Event Center in Los Angeles, United States. 21 riders from 12 nations competed. The early rounds were raced on March 25, with the semifinals and finals held on March 26.
Victoria Pendleton won her first world title in this event, the first British woman to do so in any track cycling event since Beryl Burton in 1966.
The final for bronze saw Australian sisters Kerrie Meares and Anna Meares competing for the medal, with Anna eventually claiming victory. The Meares sisters had raced each other for gold in the Australian National Track Championships a month earlier, and Anna had also won on that occasion.
Qualifying took place on Friday March 25, 2005, starting at 10:00. The qualifying round was a flying 200m time trial. The top 16 riders who completed qualifying would progress in the competition, with their qualifying positions used to seed the matches in the next round.
The 1/8 finals took place on Friday March 25, 2005, starting at 11:55. Each heat consisted of a single three-lap race between two riders, with the winning rider proceeding to the next round.
The quarterfinals took place on Friday March 25, 2005, starting at 12:35. Each heat consisted of a single three-lap race, with the winner proceeding to the semifinals, and the losers racing again for 5th–8th place.
The race for 5th–8th place took place on Friday March 25, 2005, starting at 13:10. This round was a single three-lap race between all four competitors.
The semifinals took place on Saturday March 26, 2005, starting at 19:00. Each heat was a best-of-three competition between two riders, with riders needing to win two three-lap races to win their heat. The winners would race again for the gold and silver medals, and the losers would race again for the bronze medal and fourth place.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 12 May 1966. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
7 St Sampson's Square is a Grade II* listed building on St Sampson's Square in the city of York, England. It originated as a house, probably in the early 16th century, and its front was rebuilt in the early 18th century after earlier alterations to the upper floors. By 1804 it was recorded as the Punch Bowl public house, and the building was later adapted through the 19th and 20th centuries as it became part of a department store. The site was added to the Central Historic Core conservation area in 1968. It is now one of several adjoining buildings occupied by the department store chain Browns of York.
The building originated as a house, probably in the early 16th century. The front was rebuilt in the early 18th century after the upper floors were altered. By 1804 the building was recorded under the name the Punch Bowl public house. Further changes were made during the early and later 19th century as the premises were adapted, and it was incorporated into a department store. The shopfront and additional alterations date from the 20 century.
In 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area, and on 19 August 1971, 7 St Sampson's Square was designated a Grade II* listed building. It is one of several adjoining buildings now occupied by the department store chain Browns of York.
The building was originally timber‑framed but later given a new front in buff‑orange brick. The roof was slated at the front and finished with pantiles at the back. It was laid out two bays wide and two bays deep, with a small staircase wing added at the rear. By the time the present shopfront was formed, an archway had been included at the right‑hand end. The upper floors were fitted with 16‑pane sash windows, set under flat brick arches, and a raised brick band was added below the top storey. The eaves were finished with a decorative timber cornice, and a rainwater head was fixed near the right‑hand side. A Yorkshire Insurance firemark was placed between the second‑floor windows.
Inside, the staircase was fitted with a solid side, rounded balusters, square posts with attached half‑balusters, and a substantial moulded handrail. Much of the original timber structure remains, including braced posts and exposed studded walls on the upper floors, with former window openings now blocked in the second floor and attic partitions. The roof was built with trusses that have braced uprights and collar beams, with additional bracing to the purlins.
The 1998 Fairfield Stags football team was an American football team that represented Fairfield University of Fairfield, Connecticut, as a member of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference (MAAC) during the 1998 NCAA Division I-AA football season. In their third year under head coach Kevin Kiesel, the team compiled a 9–2 record (7–1 in conference games), tied with Georgetown for the MAAC championship, and outscored opponents by a total of 346 to 131. They lost two of the first three games, but closed with an eight-game winning streak. The team led the nation in both rushing defense (61.7 yards per game) and total defense (213.8 per game).
The team gained 4,096 yards of total offense while holding opponents to 2,352 yards. Quarterback Jim Lopusznick led the offense with 2,055 passing yards and 27 passing touchdowns and was selected as the 1998 MAAC Offensive Player of the Year. Fullback Dan Fitzpatrick was selected as MAAC Rookie of the Year, and Kevin Kiesel was selected as the MAAC co-Coach of the Year. On defense, linebacker Steve Norcini led the team with 75 total tackles (52 solo), and defensive end Steve Krines led the way with 14 tackles for loss and 4.5 sacks.
This was the first and only conference championship in Fairfield football history, as the university eliminated the football program in January 2003. In 2024, the team was inducted as a group into the Fairfield Athletics Hall of Fame.
On September 5, Fairfield opened its season with a 26–22 loss to Holy Cross. Holy Cross took a 26–0 lead after 17 minutes of action. Fairfield came back with 22 unanswered points, including a 75-yard pass from quarterback Jim Lopusznick to Eric Wise and a one-yard quarterback sneak by Lopusznick. Fairfield drove to the Holy Cross 12-yard line with 2:42 remaining, but a penalty stalled the drive. After the game, Fairfield coach Kevin Kiesel said "we kept our poise, didn't panic, and showed a lot of guts."
On September 12, Fairfield defeated Iona, 42-21, at Alumni Field in Fairfield, Connecticut. Iona took a 14-3 lead early. Fairfeld scored 31 points in the second half. Marvin Royal tallied 144 rushing yards, and quarterback Jim Lopusznick completed 16 of 27 passes for 176 yards and four touchdowns. The team's total of 42 points broke the school's single-game scoring record.
On September 19, Fairfield lost to Marist, 20–17, at Poughkeepsie, New York. For the third consecutive week, Fairfield fell behind early, trailing, 13-0, at halftime. The Stags scored 17 points in the second half, including a 28-yard touchdown pass from Jim Lopusznick to Marvin Royal. Marist scored on a one-yard touchdown run with 4:35 remaining, and Fairfield responded with a 37-yard touchdown pass from Lopusznick to Steve Hadley with less than two minutes left in the game. Fairfield attempted an onside kick, but Marist recovered the kick and ran out the clock, as Fairfield's comeback effort fell short.
On September 28, Fairfield defeated Georgetown, 24–17, at homecoming in Fairfield, Connecticut. Georgetown took a 14–10 lead at halftime. Fairfield scored 14 points in the fourth quarter. Quarterback Jim Lopusznick completed 14 of 30 passes for 140 yards and two touchdowns. Running back Marvin Royal set a school record with 224 rushing yards and scored the winning touchdown on a 66-yard run with 3:37 remaining in the game.
On October 3, Fairfield defeated Duquesne, 23–20, in Pittsburgh. Duquesne took a 17–3 into the fourth quarter. Quarterback Jim Lopusznick then led Fairfield on a fourth-quarter comeback with a three-yard pass to Joe Milligan with 8:26 remaining and a four-yard pass to Eric Wise with 10 second remaining. In overtime, Lopusznick won the game with a one-yard touchdown run. After the game, Fairfield head coach called it "probably one of the finest college football games I've been a part of."
On October 17, Fairfield defeated the San Diego Toreros, 24–7, in San Diego. Quarterback Jim Lopusznick threw three touchdown passes, and Stephen Mirasolo kicked a 36-yard field goal.
On October 24, the Stags defeated Canisius, 42–0, before a crowd of 2,179 at Fairfield, Connecticut. The Fairfield defense held Canisius to six first downs and 147 yards of total offense. Fairfield quarterback Jim Lopusznick completed 17 of 24 passes for 241 yards and threw for four touchdowns and ran for two others.
On October 31, Fairfield defeated Siena, 38–0, at Colonie, New York. Quarterback Jim Lopusznick passed for four touchdowns, and receiver Eric Wise caught nine passes for 120 yards. Marques Burgess also intercepted a pass and returned it 69 yards for a touchdown.
On November 6, Fairfield defeated St. John's, 40–14, at Queens, New York. Quarterback Jim Lopusznick tallied five touchdowns, two rushing and three by passing. Freshman Dan Fitzpatrick also ran for 129 yards and a touchdown.
On November 14, the Stags defeated Saint Peter's, 48–0, in Fairfield, Connecticut. Dan Fitzpatrick rushed for 174 yards and three rushing touchdowns, and quarterback Jim Lopusznick had two passing touchdowns and a rushing touchdown. With the victory, Fairfield its first clinched conference championship. On defense, Fairfield intercepted four passes and held Saint Peter's to 56 rushing yards and 31 passing yards.
On November 21, Fairfield defeated Central Connecticut State, 26–6, at New Britain, Connecticut. Freshman fullback Dan Fitzpatrick ran for 108 yards and a touchdown. Quarterback Jim Lopusznick ran for a touchdown and passed for another. Free safety Chris Silvestri also scored on a 40-yard interception return.
On offense, Fairfield tallied 4,096 yards of total offense per game (372.4 per game), consisting of 1,980 rushing yards (180.0 per game) and 2,116 passing yards (192.4 per game).
On defense, they held opponents to 2,352 yards of total offense (213.8 per game), consisting of 679 rushing yards (61.7 per game) and 1,673 passing yards (152.1 per game).
In addition, five Fairfield players received first-team all-conference honors: Lopusznick; sophomore running back Marvin Royal; offensive lineman Ben Harvey; defensive lineman Steve Krines; and free safety Chris Silvestri.
Sheikh Abdul Latifo is a prominent Mozambican Islamic scholar and religious leader based in the northern Nampula Province. He is widely recognized for his public leadership within Mozambique's Muslim community, particularly for his vocal opposition to Islamic extremism and his cooperative efforts with the national government to counter the ongoing violent jihadist insurgency in northern Mozambique.
As a senior Islamic cleric in Nampula Province — a region featuring a heavy concentration of Mozambique's Muslim population — Latifo has consistently utilized his religious platform to promote community cohesion and cross-cultural dialog. His leadership is centered on providing traditional Islamic education that emphasizes peace, civic duty, and the preservation of historical Mozambican Muslim values.
Following the outbreak of violent extremism in October 2017 perpetrated by the Islamic State of Mozambique (ISM, locally known as Ansar al-Sunna or al-Shabaab) in the neighboring Cabo Delgado Province, Latifo emerged as a leading regional voice condemning the insurgency.
During high-profile religious assemblies, notably during the nationwide Eid al-Fitr celebrations marking the end of Ramadan, Latifo has repeatedly delivered public sermons repudiating armed violence. He has consistently asserted that the actions of the insurgent factions — such as looting property, destroying public infrastructure, and committing mass casualties against civilians — are a profound distortion and manipulation of Islamic jurisprudence and teachings.
Latifo has actively urged the Muslim population of northern Mozambique to reject extremist recruitment networks that target vulnerable youth. Furthermore, he has openly advocated for structured civil-military cooperation, calling on local religious networks and civilian congregations to actively collaborate with Mozambican law enforcement and state security forces to identify bad actors who use religion to disguise criminal activities.
163onmyneck (real name Roman Vadimovich Shurov; Russian: Рома́н Вади́мович Щу́ров; born 31 August 1996, Tyumen) is a Russian rapper, who is signed to Melon Music.
He was born on August 31, 1996 in Tyumen. His family constantly moved around different countries: he has lived in France, Italy, China, and the UK. He became interested in music while still in school, and in high school he started doing graffiti, where he met Seemee.
In 2017, Lil Melon died, in whose honor the guys later organized the association Melon Music. In 2019, Seemee, DooMee and Mayot moved to Moscow and founded the recording studio Melon Music Records. 163onmyneck followed them to work at the studio. On December 25, 2020, he released a mixtape in collaboration with MellowBite titled Ghetto Mellow Melon Bite Christmas. In March 2021, he released his debut EP Grow Guide, in which it achieved 27th place on the charts on Apple Music and 2nd on the BandLink charts.
Algarvean Portuguese (Portuguese: dialeto algarvio or falar algarvio) is a regional variety of European Portuguese spoken in the Algarve region of southernmost Portugal. Due to the region's historical geographical isolation from northern Portugal by the Caldeirão and Monchique mountain ranges, alongside nearly five centuries of historical Moorish rule, this variety developed distinct phonetic, lexical, and syntactical features that differentiate it from standard European Portuguese based on the Coimbra–Lisbon norm.
Linguistically, it is divided into two minor sub-variants: the coastal variant spoken in the Litoral and Barrocal zones, and the interior mountain variant spoken in the Serra zones bordering the Alentejo region.
Vowel reduction and deletion: Algarvean is highly stress-timed, characterized by an extreme reduction or complete dropping of unstressed vowels (syncope and apocope), making the speech sound faster and more consonant-heavy than standard Portuguese. For example, words like menino 'boy' are often pronounced as [mˈninu] instead of standard [mɨˈninu].
Monophthongization: The diphthong ei [ɐj] is frequently monophthongized to an open e [ɛ] or closed e [e] in several rural communities, turning leite 'milk' into something sounding closer to lete.
Rotacism and Lambdacism: In some traditional coastal speech, there is an occasional interchange between the liquid consonants /l/ and /r/, a historical linguistic trait shared with several Andalusian Spanish dialects across the border.
Because the Algarve was the last region of Portugal to be integrated into the Christian kingdom during the Reconquista in 1249, it retained the deepest linguistic imprint from Al-Gharb al-Andalus.
The Algarvean variety incorporates a vast corpus of unique vocabulary, specialized Mozarabic expressions, and Arabic loanwords that are absent or rarely used in northern Portugal, particularly in fields like agriculture, water management, flora, and maritime navigation:
Gerund usage: Unlike standard European Portuguese, which prefers the preposition a followed by an infinitive (e.g., estou a falar 'I am speaking'), traditional Algarveans regularly use the inflected gerund form (e.g., estou falando), a feature widely preserved in Brazil.
Pronoun placement: There is a historical tendency in casual speech to favor proclis (placing object pronouns before the verb) in sentences where standard European Portuguese strictly requires enclisis.
Due to globalization, the expansion of mass media centered in Lisbon, internal migration, and the massive growth of international tourism in the Algarve region since the 1970s, the traditional Algarvean speech has experienced significant dialect leveling. The unique phonetic traits and specialized vocabulary are now primarily preserved by older generations in rural interior areas, while younger urban populations increasingly code-switch toward standard European Portuguese, maintaining only a distinct regional intonation.
Beleura is a stately homestead, gardens, and collection of antiquities that operates as an historic house museum, located at 1 Tallis Avenue, in Mornington, on the Mornington Peninsula, in the south eastern suburbs of Melbourne, in Victoria, Australia.
Located on the traditional lands of the Bunurong people, the house was added to the Victorian Heritage Register on 9 October 1974 in recognition of its historical and architectural significance; and the house and gardens were also added to non-statutory lists by the Victorian branch of the National Trust on 4 May 1998 and the now defunct Register of the National Estate on 21 October 1980.
Built by James Butchart between c. 1860 – c. 1865, set on 73 hectares (180 acres) of a pastoral run, Beleura is one of several stately homes constructed as summer retreats along the Mornington Peninsula between 1860 and 1890 for Victoria's rich and famous. The Mornington Peninsula is the second such precinct in Victoria displaying this social phenomena; preceded by Mount Macedon. Butchart died at Beloura in 1869.
In 1870 the property was purchased by Charles Edward Bright , a Melbourne businessman. In a grand "society wedding" in 1968, Bright married Anna Manners-Sutton, a daughter of Sir John Manners-Sutton, later the 3rd Viscount Canterbury, and the fourth Governor of Victoria from 1866 to 1873. After Manners-Sutton retired, the house was used, for a short time, by his successor as Governor, Sir George Bowen, as his official summer residence and thereafter to B.T.P. Backhouse, who conducted the Mornington Grammar School.
From the late 1880s to 1916 Beleura was owned by a succession of successful businessmen, industrialists, graziers and politicians, including Caleb Joshua Jenner, Robert Smith – the father of Helen Macpherson Schutt (née Smith) – and Mary Williams, the latter who subdivided the property, to enable the establishment of the Beleura Hill estate, from c. 1916.
Theatrical entrepreneur, George Tallis, knighted in 1922, and his wife, Amelia, purchased Beleura and 13 hectares (33 acres) in 1916, as a summer retreat and, on his retirement, developed it as an Ayrshire cattle stud, buying land in the area from c. 1919, and acquired 141 hectares (348 acres) many of the former lots sold by Williams, and 2,428 hectares (6,000 acres) of farmland around Mornington. Sir George was a theatrical entrepreneur who for many years was a co-owner and chairman of the global entertainment company J. C. Willamson Limited which toured plays and musical theatre to Australia, New Zealand, South Africa and London. Sir George and Lady Amelia Tallis continued the traditional use of Beleura as a seaside house and had four children. Lady Tallis died in 1933 and Sir George in 1948. Months before the commencement of World War II in 1939, Tallis allowed the Australian Army to host, at Beleura, a large military camp, with over 2,500 troops; and in 1947, he leased 49 hectares (120 acres) of Beleura for 25 years to enable the establishment of a golf course at Mornington.
Tallis' son, John, a composer, assumed responsibility for the estate in 1949 and during his period of ownership, opened the house and gardens for various artistic and musical events. Following his death in 1996, he bequeathed the house, its collections, and The Tallis Foundation, to the people of Victoria; and they have subsequently been managed as an historic house museum since 2006.
Set in five hectares (twelve acres) of gardens, Beleura is built on a granite foundation with stuccoed brick walls. The main feature of the single-storeyed rectangular house is the Corinthian order colonnade verandah and balustrade parapet; the tower was added at a later date. There are particularly distinctive motifs included on the colonnade with the entablature dwarfed by the balustraded parapet. The house's relationship of side wings is most unusual and significant. Plans of the original house or the site are not known to exist.
John Tallis built on the Victorian Italianate influences of the original design and made a series of changes to the interior and exterior of Beleura. Melbourne artist and student of Norman Lindsay, Wesley Penberthy, produced a series of ceiling paintings, in the entrance hall and drawing and dining rooms, considered to be the first in Australia painted using polyvinyl acetate finish to produce a matt fresco appearance.
Approached by a long driveway through its outer grounds, the garden contains many huge specimen trees and a rear stone courtyard – all original features of this nineteenth century seaside garden. The garden contains features from three main periods including the original nineteenth century driv way layout, rear courtyards and coniferous trees; the early twentieth century addition of a formal pool designed by Harold Desbrowe Annear; and, John Tallis' mid-twentieth century Italian influenced embellishments consisting of a formal rose garden and statues. Later overlays added a grove of Lemon-scented gums, large hedges, reflective pools, and espaliered apple trees surrounding a charming kitchen garden. Edna Walling was engaged by Lady Tallis to assist with re-design of the gardens; with initial designs attributed to Edward La Trobe Bateman.
The house remains as it was at the time of John Tallis and contains the artefacts, furnishings and housewares from his family’s interest in collecting European art and many ordinary items used in daily personal life. The collections of approximately 25,000 items include homewares, antique furniture, and paintings chosen by Sir George Tallis, artworks and books chosen by John Tallis remain in situ, many items by ceramicist Klytie Pate, a collection of musical instruments including a Stuart & Sons piano and a rare cello from 1791, with a unique collection of three automobiles, including a Jaguar Mark IV.
The 2020 Japan Dome Tour (stylized as SEVENTEEN 2020 JAPAN DOME TOUR <SVT>) was a planned concert tour by South Korean boy band Seventeen that was cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic. It was intended to be the group's first dome tour in Japan. The tour was announced on November 11, 2019, two days after Seventeen completed the Japanese leg of their Ode to You World Tour.
Initially scheduled as five concerts at Tokyo Dome, Fukuoka PayPay Dome and Kyocera Dome Osaka, the tour was expanded in February 2020 with three additional concerts, including two at MetLife Dome. The expanded itinerary comprised eight concerts at four dome venues between May 9 and 28 and was expected to attract more than 350,000 people. Tickets for the five originally announced concerts sold out after general sales opened on March 8, while general sales for the three additional concerts were scheduled to begin on April 19.
On April 8, 2020 approximately one month before the scheduled opening concert, all eight shows were cancelled. The organizers stated that postponement had been considered, but that uncertainty over when the concerts could safely be held led to the decision to cancel the tour. Seventeen eventually held their first dome tour in Japan in November and December 2022 as the Japanese leg of the Be the Sun World Tour.
In 2019, Seventeen toured Japan twice, with the Haru Japan Tour in the spring and the Japanese leg of the Ode to You World Tour in the autumn. The two concert runs attracted a combined audience of 330,000, and tickets for both sold out on the day of their respective general releases. Following the final Japanese concert of the Ode to You tour on November 9, a countdown to the time of an upcoming announcement appeared onstage. When the countdown ended on November 11, Seventeen announced plans for their first dome tour in Japan.
The initial itinerary comprised five concerts: two at Tokyo Dome on May 19 and 20, one at Fukuoka PayPay Dome on May 23, and two at Kyocera Dome Osaka on May 27 and 28, 2020. On February 3, three additional concerts were announced: two at MetLife Dome on May 9 and 10 and a second Fukuoka concert on May 24. The additions expanded the itinerary to eight concerts at four dome venues, with two performances at each venue, and moved the opening date forward to May 9. The expanded tour was expected to attract more than 350,000 people. The tour's official title, SEVENTEEN 2020 JAPAN DOME TOUR <SVT>, was announced on February 12.
On February 9, as the COVID-19 pandemic spread internationally, Pledis Entertainment cancelled the remaining February and March dates of the Ode to You World Tour. The cancelled concerts comprised shows in Kuala Lumpur and Taipei and all four dates of the planned European leg in Madrid, Paris, London and Berlin. The Japan Dome Tour initially remained scheduled. General sales for its five originally announced concerts began on March 8 and sold out, while general sales for the three additional concerts were scheduled to begin on April 19.
Ahead of the tour, Seventeen released their second Japanese single, "Fallin' Flower", on April 1, 2020. The group's Japanese website promoted the single in connection with the upcoming dome tour, describing the title track as a new song expected to attract attention during the concerts.
On April 8, approximately one month before the scheduled opening concert, the organizers announced the cancellation of all eight shows. They cited the safety of the audience, artists and staff, as well as efforts to prevent further transmission of COVID-19. The organizers stated that postponement had been considered, but that the difficulty of predicting when the concerts could safely be held led to the decision to cancel the tour.
Although the tour was cancelled, merchandise that had been produced for the concerts was sold through advance and general reservation sales. The organizers stated that the goods would be made available as commemorative items for fans.
Official merchandise was released in three waves beginning in April 2020. The first collection included uchiwa fans, towels, clothing, bags, accessories and the group's official light stick, while the second consisted of trading cards. The third collection included merchandise that had originally been planned for sale exclusively at the concert venues, including venue-specific dome commemorative charms.
Tickets for the five originally announced concerts sold out after general sales opened on March 8, while general sales for the three additional concerts were scheduled to begin on April 19. All eight scheduled concerts were subsequently cancelled due to the COVID-19 pandemic.
The 1925–26 Buffalo Bisons season was the first and only professional basketball season of play for the original Buffalo Bisons ABL team in the city of Buffalo, New York under the original version of the American Basketball League, which was the first professional basketball league that had truly attempted to go fully national after previous professional basketball leagues were mostly regional at the time. However, unlike most other teams that entered the ABL at the time of its creation, the Buffalo Bisons franchise technically existed as either a continuation or a second generation version of the famous, Naismith Basketball Hall of Fame worthy Buffalo Germans franchise that previously existed as early as 1895 (only four years after James Naismith created the sport of basketball itself), which would technically make this something akin to their 30th season of play instead. As such, the Buffalo Bisons were also sometimes referred to as the Buffalo Germans throughout the season instead due to their prior history to/continuation of their historic Buffalo Germans franchise that had previously walloped and destroyed teams that were considered unworthy of their presence by comparison to what other historic, Hall of Fame worthy teams like the Original Celtics or the all-black New York Renaissance (or even the later Harlem Globetrotters) would do (even if the Buffalo Germans of that era could ultimately be considered an amateur franchise by comparison to what teams that were in prior professional basketball leagues of the time were like). Unfortunately for the Bisons franchise, this version of the team would not have the same historic presence or power that those previous Buffalo teams would have once they decided to enter the ABL to become a professional basketball franchise.
The American Basketball League's inaugural season would have nine teams competing in that season (while a tenth team in East Liverpool, Ohio was intended to join the Bisons and the other eight teams in question for this season, the East Liverpool team ultimately withdrew operations before the season even began properly, with other failed locations that had submitted entries to start the ABL's inaugural season including Baltimore, Maryland (who eventually got their own team the following season); Milwaukee, Wisconsin; and two more locations in the state of Ohio via Columbus and Camden, with Buffalo oddly not being one of the inaugural teams to enter at the time), though the ABL would compete in a split season format with two half seasons being utilized instead of one whole season being utilized throughout the season (which would be the case throughout the majority of the league's existence in the first place). However, by the time the first half of the season ended and the second half of the season began, the Boston Whirlwinds would be expelled from the ABL due to a dispute over player contracts, which led to the ABL entering the second half of the season with only eight teams remaining in their league this time around. In any case, the first season for the season would be an especially poor start for the Buffalo Bisons due to them finishing that half of the season with a last place finish through a 5–11 record, being behind even the later expelled Boston Whirlwinds, who had gotten into a three-way tie for sixth place for that half of the season alongside the Chicago Bruins and the Detroit Pulaski Post Five. While the Bisons would at least perform a little bit better for the second half of the season, finishing that half of the season with a sixth place finish instead of a dead last ninth place finish, they would still end up having a losing record with a 5–9 record for that half of the season and fail to qualify for the ABL's playoffs (which would just be a championship series) in the process, which later led to them exiting out of the ABL entirely for good.
While this was officially the only season of play in the ABL for the Buffalo Bisons (with the ABL later having a few successful seasons before suspending operations in 1931 due to the Great Depression and later returning to operations under a lesser sort of form from 1933 until 1953, technically speaking), the Bisons would later end up continuing to exist for one season each in the Midwest Basketball Conference and the National Basketball League, with the former league having them showcase one of the first African American players to ever play in an integrated professional basketball league at the time and the latter league eventually merging operations with the Basketball Association of America to become the present-day National Basketball Association. Not only that, but the Bisons' history would also be even more complex following their exit from the ABL, as they would potentially have seasons of play where they would end up playing as both the Buffalo Lincolns and the Buffalo Drydocks, as well as even have one season where the team ended up playing in the New York State Basketball League in the season before they officially played in the Midwest Basketball Conference.
"A Girl Don't Have to Drink to Have Fun" is a song originally recorded by American singer, Wanda Jackson. The country recording described a woman's beliefs about sobriety in social situations. It was released as a single by Capitol Records and reached the top-30 on the US country chart in early 1968.
When Wanda Jackson began her career, she started in the country music genre before crossing into the Rockabilly field in the late 1950s. She then returned to country music in the 1960s and had several top-20 hits during the decade, including 1966's "The Box It Came In". Among the charting songs that followed the latter tune was "A Girl Don't Have to Drink to Have Fun". The track was co-written by Charlie Williams and Joe Nixon, and was produced by Ken Nelson at Columbia Studios (located in Nashville, Tennessee) in June 1967. "A Girl Don't Have to Drink to Have Fun" was an uptempo tune whose main character describes how she avoids drinking in social situations.
"A Girl Don't Have to Drink to Have Fun" was released by Capitol Records in October 1967 as a seven-inch vinyl disc single and featured a B-side titled "My Days Are Darker Than Your Nights". The single release credited Jackson's backing band and was titled on the disc as "Wanda Jackson and the Party Timers". Cash Box believed it would "follow the hit sales" of her previous releases and would become a commercial success. Billboard called it "one of Miss Jackson's most commercial entries ever" and predicted it would make the top-10 of their country survey.
"A Girl Don't Have to Drink to Have Fun" debuted on the US Billboard Hot Country Songs chart on November 25, 1967 and spent 12 weeks there, reaching the number 22 position on January 13, 1968. It was Jackson's eleventh single to make the Billboard country top-40. It was later included on her 1968 album, Cream of the Crop. In the years following its original release, the tune continued to be reviewed. This included a review by Robert Christgau, who called the song "spunky" when reviewing a compilation by Jackson. Mary A. Bufwack and Bob Oermann found it to be among several examples of country songs from the era that criticized how men perceived women around bars and alcohol.
The 2006 Colorado Attorney General election was held on November 7, 2006, to elect the Colorado Attorney General. Republican incumbent John Suthers, who was appointed in 2005, won election to a full term, defeating Democratic challenger and lawyer Fern O'Brien by nine percentage points.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 13 May 1965. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
The 2009 ISAF Youth Sailing World Championships took place in Búzios, Brazil, from July 9 to 18, 2009. It was the 39th edition of the ISAF Youth Sailing World Championships.
111 Echoes from Halifax is a Canadian-Swiss drama film, directed by Mauro Mueller and slated for release in 2026. The film depicts various characters in the aftermath of the 1998 crash of Swissair Flight 111 just off Peggys Cove.
The film stars Kris Holden-Ried, Natalie Brown and Ursina Lardi, with supporting cast members including Djebril Zonga, Fathia Youssouf, Chris Turner, Rebecca Liddiard, Eric Keenleyside, Anatole Taubman, Martha Irving and Taylor Olson.
The 50th New York Film Festival took place from September 28 to October 14, 2012, in New York City, presented by Film at Lincoln Center.
The festival's opening film was Ang Lee's Life of Pi, David Chase's Not Fade Away was the festival's centerpiece, while Robert Zemeckis' Flight was the festival's closing film.
Appearing in NYFF's "Main Slate" for the first time were: Antonio Méndez Esparza, David Chase, Dror Moreh, Javier Rebollo, Joachim Lafosse, João Rui Guerra da Mata, Jun Lana, Lucien Castaing-Taylor and Véréna Paravel, Marc-Henri Wajnberg, Miguel Gomes, Rama Burshtein, Valeria Sarmiento, and Yeşim Ustaoğlu.
The 2026 edition of the Atlantic International Film Festival, the 46th edition in the event's history, will take place from September 16 to 23, 2026, in Halifax, Nova Scotia, Canada.
The festival's opening gala, Mauro Mueller's Swiss-Canadian coproduction 111 Echoes from Halifax, was announced in July, and the full program was announced on August 12. Jenna MacMillan's The Snake will be the Atlantic Gala film, and the closing gala will be Ha-Chan, Shake Your Booty! by Josef Kubota Wladyka.
The Laval Braves are renamed the Laval Prédateurs when the previous ownership of the former Valleyfield Braves franchise acquires a Quebec Junior Hockey League and retains the rights to the Braves name
13th Gen: Abort, Retry, Ignore, Fail? is a 1993 book by Neil Howe and William Strauss. It is based on the Strauss–Howe generational theory, and examines Generation X (described as the "Nomad" generation in the theory), who were teenagers and young adults at the time.
In 1993, Andrew Leonard reviewed the book for The New York Times. He wrote "as the authors (Strauss and Howe) relentlessly attack the iniquitous 'child-abusive culture' of the 1960s and '70s and exult in heaping insult after insult on their own generation -- they caricature Baby Boomers as countercultural, long-haired, sex-obsessed hedonists -- their real agenda begins to surface. That agenda becomes clear in part of their wish list for how the 13th generation may influence the future: "13ers will reverse the frenzied and centrifugal cultural directions of their younger years. They will clean up entertainment, de-diversify the culture, reinvent core symbols of national unity, reaffirm rituals of family and neighborhood bonding, and re-erect barriers to cushion communities from unwanted upheaval."
Again in 1993, writing for The Globe and Mail, Jim Cormier reviewed the same book: "self-described boomers Howe and Strauss add no profound layer of analysis to previous pop press observations. But in cobbling together a more extensive overview of the problems and concerns of the group they call the 13ers, they've created a valuable primer for other fogeys who are feeling seriously out of touch." Cormier wrote that the authors "raised as many new questions as answers about the generation that doesn't want to be a generation. But at least they've made an honest, empathetic, and good-humoured effort to bridge the bitter gap between the twentysomethings and fortysomethings."
In 1993, Charles Laurence at the London Daily Telegraph wrote that, in 13th Gen, Strauss and Howe offered this youth generation "a relatively neutral definition as the 13th American generation from the Founding Fathers,". According to Alexander Ferron's review in Eye Magazine, "13th Gen is best read as the work of two top-level historians. While its agenda is the 13th generation, it can also be seen as an incredibly well-written and exhaustive history of America from 1960 to 1981--examining the era through everything except the traditional historical subjects (war, politics, famine, etc)."
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 9 May 1963. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
Dipha Kresna Aditya Barus (born 4 January 1986) is an Indonesian DJ, composer, and record producer. He is regarded as a major figure in the Indonesian dance music scene and has been credited with stirring up an Indonesian EDM revolution. He became known to the public after releasing the single "No One Can Stop Us" featuring Kallula in 2016. In 2019, he signed with American label Ultra Records.
Dipha Barus was born on 4 January 1986 in Jakarta, Indonesia. He started producing music at the age of twelve and was heavily influenced by drum and bass and artists like Aphex Twin. He was awarded a scholarship at the Berklee College of Music, but instead studied graphic design at Limkokwing University of Creative Technology in Malaysia. He started his career while in college, working as a semi-permanent DJ at Zouk Club in Kuala Lumpur.
In 2007, Barus began producing music with his electronic band, Agrikulture. Upon returning to Indonesia, he began performing at restaurants and community events, as techno music had a limited following at the time. He also started a YouTube channel called Sflogicninja, which was founded by David Earl in 2006, to share his work and build a following.
Barus rose to fame in 2016 with the release of "No One Can Stop Us", a collaboration with singer Kallula. The tropical house-tinged track became a huge hit in Indonesia and won the Anugerah Musik Indonesia (AMI) Award for Best Dance Production/EDC category. The song also reached Spotify's Global Viral 50 chart.
In 2017, he released "All Good" featuring Nadin Amizah, which won the AMI Award for Best Collaborative Production. The track also entered Apple Music's Beats 1 playlist. That same year, he collaborated with Bunga Citra Lestari on a remake of the song "Aku Wanita", which was originally sung by Reza Artamevia. The song was included in BCL's third album, It's Me BCL. He also produced "Made in Jakarta" for singer Adrian Khalif, which served as Khalif's debut single.
In 2018, he won the AMI Award for Best Rap/Hip Hop Production for his song "Decide". He also released "Money Honey (Count Me In)" with Monica Karina and "My Kind of Crazy" with Raisa. Barus won a total of nine AMI Awards during this period.
In 2019, Barus signed with Ultra Records, a world-renowned electronic music label based in New York City. His first release under the label was "You Move Me", a collaboration with R&B singer Monica Karina, which premiered on Billboard Dance.
In January 2025, he released "BATARA", a collaboration with Jinan Laetitia that was inspired by a spiritual journey to Tanah Karo, his ancestral homeland. The track was first unveiled on the main stage of Djakarta Warehouse Project 2024. Later that year, he collaborated with Rossa on the mini album Asmara Dansa, reimagining classic Indonesian songs. In 2026, he collaborated with Hindia on the single "Nafas", which addressed the theme of generational trauma.
Barus is known for fusing traditional Indonesian instrumentation and modern electronic beats. His music incorporates elements of tropical house, house, and dance music, often blending modern electronic sounds with ancient mysticism and Indonesian cultural elements. He has described his style as "Indonesian EDM", a term that reflects his commitment to incorporating local sounds into global dance music.
His songs have been played by major DJs including Tiësto, David Guetta, and Lost Frequencies. He has also remixed tracks for international artists such as Lauv, Dillon Francis, Charli XCX, Troye Sivan, Alan Walker, and AmPm.
Barus has won multiple Anugerah Musik Indonesia (AMI) Awards, including consecutive wins from 2016 to 2021. He won a Breakthrough Record of the Year award in 2018. He has also won awards for Best Dance Production, Best Collaborative Production, and Best Rap/Hip Hop Production.
In 2019, he was signed by Ultra Records, one of the world's leading electronic music labels. His music has entered Spotify's Global Viral 50 chart and Apple Music's Beats 1 playlist.
The '17 Japan Concert: Say the Name Seventeen (stylized as '17 JAPAN CONCERT Say the name #SEVENTEEN) was a concert series by South Korean boy band Seventeen. It was held over six shows from February 15 to 22, 2017, at World Memorial Hall in Kobe and Yokohama Arena in Yokohama, Japan. All six shows sold out, including restricted-view seats at Yokohama Arena, and the series drew approximately 50,000 attendees. The concerts took place more than a year before Seventeen's formal Japanese debut.
In August 2016, Seventeen held their first concerts in Japan, performing five shows in Osaka and Tokyo under the title 2016 'Like Seventeen – Shining Diamond' in Japan Concert. Kstyle reported that approximately 350,000 ticket applications had been received for around 12,000 available seats. The new concert series, announced on December 12, 2016, increased the scale of the group's previous Japanese shows by approximately four times.
The title was taken from Seventeen's greeting, "Say the name, Seventeen". According to the announcement, it represented the group's intention to reintroduce themselves to the Japanese audience through an arena-scale concert. At the time, Seventeen had not formally debuted or released an original record in Japan.
The concert opened with a remixed version of "Boom Boom", followed by "No F.U.N", "Shining Diamond", "Chuck" and a concert remix of "Rock". The performances incorporated moving stages, pyrotechnics and synchronized choreography, with the members introducing themselves and addressing the audience in Japanese between songs.
The middle portion highlighted Seventeen's three sub-units Teams. The hiphop team performed "Check-In", "Monday to Saturday" and "Fronting", followed by a mixed-member performance of "Drift Away". The performance team presented "Who", "OMG" and "Highlight", while the vocal team performed "20" in Japanese, "When I Grow Up" and "Don't Listen in Secret". The full group reunited for "Hit Song" and "Fast Pace" before performing a sequence of singles consisting of "Pretty U", "Adore U", "Mansae" and "Very Nice", which concluded the main set.
For the encore, the group returned with "Smile Flower" and "Beautiful". The concert concluded with a Japanese-language version of "Love Letter", the second song translated into Japanese specifically for the concert series.
The concert series was approximately four times larger than Seventeen's first Japanese concert series in August 2016, for which approximately 350,000 ticket applications had been received for 12,000 available seats. All six performances sold out despite the group not yet having formally debuted in Japan.
The four concerts at World Memorial Hall sold approximately 7,000 seats per performance, while the two Yokohama Arena concerts filled approximately 12,000 seats each. Additional restricted-view tickets released for the Yokohama performances also sold out. Contemporary reports placed the combined attendance at approximately 50,000. The final Yokohama Arena performance was the largest venue used for a Seventeen solo concert up to that point.
The concert's live DVD sold approximately 11,000 copies during its first week and debuted at number one on the Oricon Weekly DVD Ranking. It also topped Oricon's combined Music DVD and Blu-ray Ranking.
The following set list is taken from the official home-video track listing recorded at Yokohama Arena. It is not intended to represent every concert in the series.
A two-disc DVD recorded at Yokohama Arena was released in Japan on August 23, 2017, followed by a single-disc Blu-ray edition on April 18, 2018. Both editions contain approximately 120 minutes of concert footage, a 28-minute making-of documentary and a 100-page photobook. The DVD sold approximately 11,000 copies in its first week and debuted at number one on the Oricon Weekly DVD Ranking. It also topped Oricon's combined Music DVD and Blu-ray Ranking.
The 2025 FIBA 3x3 U23 World Cup – Women's tournament was the 6th edition of this championship. The event was held in Xiong'an, China. It was contested by 20 teams. United States are the defending champions.
Abderramán Ortiz Molera is a Spanish political activist and leader, best known for his prominent role in the Andalusian nationalist and regionalist movement during the 1980s. Alongside Yasser Calderón, he served as one of the primary leaders of Andalusian Liberation (Liberación Andaluza), a syncretic political party operating between 1985 and 1989.
Prior to the founding of Andalusian Liberation, Ortiz Molera was active in the Yama'a Islámica de Al-Andalus (Islamic Community of Al-Andalus), an organization that sought to reconnect modern Andalusian regional identity with its historical Islamic and Moorish roots. In 1985, this organization merged with other factional regionalist groups to form the political party Andalusian Liberation.
Under the leadership of Ortiz Molera and Calderón, the party adopted a unique ideological platform characterized by strict anti-casticism and separatism from Spain. Rather than viewing Islam strictly as a dogmatic faith, Ortiz Molera's platform interpreted Islam as the cultural essence, "genius", and distinctive style of the Andalusian people.
Ortiz Molera advocated for an irredentist conception of Andalusia. The borders proposed by his movement extended far beyond the modern autonomous community to encompass the Region of Murcia, the province of Badajoz in Extremadura, the Sierra de Alcaraz in Albacete, Gibraltar, and the Algarve region in Portugal. The movement justified these geopolitical claims by alleging that the Spanish state had systematically colonized the territory and violated the historic 1491 Treaty of Granada.
The party dissolved in 1989 after achieving limited electoral success in municipal and regional elections, though Ortiz Molera remained a notable figure within the academic study of peripheral nationalist and neo-Andalusi movements in modern Spain.
The 2026 WBSC U-23 Baseball World Cup is the 6th edition of the U-23 Baseball World Cup, contested by the under-23 national teams of the member associations of WBSC. It will take place in Nicaragua from 6–15 November 2026.
First round: The 12 participating nations were drawn into two groups of six teams, in which single round robin will occur. The top three teams from each group advances to the Super Round, while the bottom 3 nations from each group advance to the consolation round.
Placement round: The six nations in this round play one game against the teams they have not played yet. (example: The 4th placed team from Group A will play the bottom three teams from Group B)
Super round: The format in the super round is similar to that of the consolation round. Each team plays the top three teams from the opposing group. (example: The first place team from Group B will play the top three teams from Group A) The standings for this round will include the two games played against the two other second-round qualifiers from the team's first-round group, and the three games played in the second round, for a total of five games. The third and fourth-place finishers advance to the bronze-medal game, and the first and second-place finishers advance to the gold-medal game.
Finals: The Finals consist of the Bronze Medal Game, contested by the third and fourth-place finishers, and the gold-medal game, contested by the first and second-place finishers.
The 2026 WBSC U-15 Baseball World Cup is the 7th edition of the U-15 Baseball World Cup, contested by the under-15 national teams of the member associations of WBSC. It take place in Merida, Mexico from 25 September to 4 October 2026.
On July 12, 2024, WBSC announced that Italy had been awarded the hosting rights for the 2025 U-15 Women's Softball World Cup. However, the Italian Baseball Softball Federation subsequently relinquished the hosting rights, and Mexico replaced Italy as the host nation.
First round: The twelve participating nations were drawn into two groups of 6, in which single round robin will occur. The top 3 nations from each group advances to the Super Round, while the bottom 3 nations from each group advance to the consolation round.
Placement round: The 6 nations in this round play one game against the teams they have not played yet. (example: The 4th placed team from Group A will play the bottom three teams from Group B)
Super round: The format in the super round is similar to that of the consolation round. Each team plays the top three teams from the opposing group. (example: The 1st placed team from Group B will play the top three teams from Group A) The standings for this round will include the 2 games played against the 2 other second-round qualifiers from the team's first-round group, and the 3 games played in the second round, for a total of 5 games. The 3rd and 4th-place finishers advance to the bronze-medal game, and the 1st and 2nd-place finishers advance to the gold-medal game.
Finals: The Finals consist of the Bronze Medal Game, contested by the 3rd and 4th-place finishers, and the gold-medal game, contested by the 1st and 2nd-place finishers.
The 1984 Libyan coup attempt was an armed assault on the Bab al-Azizia barracks in Tripoli on 8 May 1984, aimed at overthrowing Libyan leader Muammar Gaddafi. A group of around 20 to 30 gunmen attacked the heavily fortified compound that served as Gaddafi's residence, using rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons. After several hours of fighting, Libyan security forces repelled the attackers, killing all of them according to official accounts. The National Front for the Salvation of Libya (NFSL), an opposition group led by former diplomat Mohammed Yusef al-Maghariaf, claimed responsibility. In the subsequent crackdown, the Libyan government arrested up to 3,000 people and executed at least seven without trial.
Muammar Gaddafi had ruled Libya since the 1969 coup that overthrew the monarchy. His regime faced numerous coup attempts and plots, including a major rebellion by the Ninth Infantry Brigade in Tobruk in October 1980, which was suppressed with the help of East German security personnel. The National Front for the Salvation of Libya (NFSL) was founded in 1980 by Mohammed Yusef al-Maghariaf, a former Libyan diplomat, and was one of the several opposition groups that were operating abroad. The NFSL had previously refused to disclose its base of operations for security reasons.
In early 1984, relations between Libya and the United Kingdom deteriorated sharply after the fatal shooting of British police constable Yvonne Fletcher from inside the Libyan embassy in London on 17 April. The UK severed diplomatic ties with Libya, and the incident fueled mutual accusations. Diplomats reported growing dissatisfaction within Libya over economic difficulties, the public hangings of two dissident students at Al Fateh University, and the increasing influence of revolutionary committees.
In the weeks preceding the coup attempt, a series of sabotage operations struck Libya. Fires were set at two supermarkets in protest against Gaddafi’s unpopular nationalization of retail stores, and the main auditorium at Fatah University was set ablaze in retaliation for the hanging of the two students. There were also persistent reports that saboteurs were responsible for huge explosions at the army’s main arms and ammunition dump 35 miles (56 kilometres) southwest of Benghazi on the night of 24 March 1984. Libyan officials later confirmed that these incidents were carried out by the very same group that mounted the May 8 attack. The authorities responded with increased security measures, including the patrolling of city streets.
At approximately 7:00 a.m. on 8 May 1984, a group of 20 to 30 gunmen assaulted the Bab al-Azizia barracks on the southern outskirts of Tripoli, a heavily fortified compound protected by electrified fences, bunkers and guard towers that served as Gaddafi's residence. The attackers were armed with rocket-propelled grenades and automatic weapons. It was unclear whether Gaddafi was inside the compound at the time of the assault.
Libyan troops responded with armored vehicles and machine-gun fire, forcing the gunmen to retreat into a nearby three-story building. Military police surrounded the building, and fighting continued until early afternoon. The official Libyan news agency, JANA, reported that the attackers had seized women and children as hostages in an attempt to negotiate their escape, and that security forces subsequently stormed the building and killed all the gunmen. Libyan state television characterized the attackers as "British-trained terrorists".
Anonymous telephone calls to news agencies in London and Washington, made by individuals claiming to represent the NFSL, asserted responsibility for the attack. A caller stated that "scores of Gaddafi's forces" were either killed or wounded and claimed that some Libyan troops inside the barracks had joined the attackers.
Following the failed attack, Libyan security forces killed the man they identified as the leader of the operation in a shootout in Tripoli on 12 May. Roadblocks and house searches were still ongoing a week after the attack, and foreign diplomats were informed that for "security reasons" they needed permission before traveling to border areas and the south. On 14 May, JANA news agency announced the capture of Ussama Shlouf, describing him as a 24-year-old Libyan, a member of the banned Muslim Brotherhood, and "one of America's agents" involved in the attack. A Tripoli newspaper published his photograph and labelled him a "terrorist".
Libyan Justice Minister Mufta Kaebi declared that the infiltrators had instructions to assassinate key officials, sympathetic diplomats, and foreigners in the oil industry, as well as to attack radio and television stations, airports and docks. The government charged, without providing evidence, that the attackers were Islamic fundamentalists belonging to the Muslim Brotherhood, recruited by the CIA and trained in Sudan by Britain and the United States.
The NFSL claimed in June that security forces had arrested as many as 3,000 people and executed seven individuals without trial during the crackdown. The group said it had compiled its figures from Libyan radio bulletins and televised scenes of hangings. According to the NFSL, the executed individuals were put to death in their own neighborhood streets in the forced presence of relatives, and no charges were filed against any of the detainees, who included teachers, students, businessmen, religious instructors, army officers and government employees. The group also alleged that the government broadcast "staged confessions" and footage of the homes of those arrested being ransacked and set on fire. The NFSL called on international organizations to condemn what it termed "the genocide that Qaddafi has officially organized". Western diplomats in the region estimated that as many as 200 people had been arrested in connection with the attack.
The 2026–27 Pittsburgh Panthers women's basketball team will represent the University of Pittsburgh during the 2025–26 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Panthers will be led by first-year head coach Robin Harmony, and will play their home games at the Petersen Events Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).
The Panthers finished the 2025–26 season 8–23 overall and 1–17 in ACC play, to finish in a tie for last in the conference with Boston College. They failed to qualify for the ACC tournament.
On March 3, 2026, head coach Tory Verdi was fired after three seasons, in which he posted a 29–66 record. The decision came weeks after six former players came forward and filed a Title IX violation lawsuit against Verdi and the university in February over allegations of abusive coaching methods, as well as a failure to investigate reports of abuse after they were reported to university administrators.
Charleston head coach Robin Harmony was announced as the program's new head coach on March 23. In the previous season, she led the Cougars to their best record of all time (27–6), as well as their first ever CAA title and NCAA tournament bid.
The 2026–27 Punjab State Super Football League is the 40th season of the Punjab State Super Football League, the top-tier football league in the Indian state of Punjab and one of the State Leagues occupying the 5th tier of Indian football league pyramid. Roundglass Punjab are the defending champions. The season began on 10 August 2026.
The number of teams was decreased from 10 to 8, with the exclusion of the institutional sides of Punjab Police and BSF Jalandhar. All teams play each other in a round-robin format.
The 2026–27 season was the 100th season in the history of FC Dynamo Kyiv, and the club's 36th consecutive season in the Ukrainian Premier League. In addition to the domestic league, the club will participate in the Ukrainian Cup and the UEFA Conference League after dropping out of the UEFA Europa League.
On 19 June, Dynamo announced that Oleksandr Yatsyk had left the club at the end of his contract. Later the same day, Dynamo announced the return of Tomasz Kędziora to the club, with Kędziora signing a two-year contract from PAOK.
El-Bayeh joined Merivale in 2011 as group venue marketing manager. Merivale promoted him to marketing director in 2015, and he left the company at the end of 2016.
In 2017, El-Bayeh co-founded the agency Example with Rebecca Jarvie-Gibbs, with whom he had previously worked at Merivale. The agency launched in June 2017, specialising at the time in public relations for the hospitality, lifestyle and travel sectors, and later broadened into brand, creative and communications work. In 2019, El-Bayeh and Jarvie-Gibbs opened Example House, a co-working space in Rushcutters Bay, Sydney.
In April 2020, Example began a pro-bono initiative, named Good Example, for hospitality, travel and entertainment businesses affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. In September 2025, Example partnered with Accor to launch Table For, an in-house food and beverage group for the Pacific, as its founding creative partner. In 2025, El-Bayeh relocated to Dubai to lead the agency's Middle East operations, and Example opened its Dubai office in November 2025.
Askøy Seilforening (ASF) is a Norwegian sailing club based on the island of Askøy in Vestland county, Norway. Founded in 1979, the club is affiliated with the Norwegian Sailing Federation and is known for hosting the Yngling World Championship in 2015 and 2026. The club operates Askøy Seilsportsenter, a regional sailing venue serving western Norway.
Askøy Seilforening was founded on 3 April 1979. The club is run primarily by volunteers and has approximately 300 members. Over several decades, club members have developed Askøy Seilsportsenter into a major sailing facility that has achieved regional status for sailing activities in Hordaland.
Askøy Seilforening operates Askøy Seilsportsenter, which serves as the club's base for training, racing, championships and community activities. The facility supports both dinghy and keelboat sailing and has hosted a number of regional, national and international regattas.
Preparations for the 2026 Yngling World Championship received national media attention in Norway, including a feature by the public broadcaster NRK on its television programme Norge Rundt.
The 2026 championship attracted competitors from several European countries in addition to two Australian and an Indian team, and received coverage in Scandinavian sailing media.
The class has maintained a strong presence at the club, which has been described by Seilmagasinet as an important centre for Yngling sailing in Norway.
Anne Wamuratha is a Kenyan politician who is currently a member of the Kenya National Assembly as the woman representative for Kiambu. She is a member of the UDA. Before politics, she worked as a family counselor. She has received praise for strong constituent service, but simultaneously voted for some unpopular measures, such as in favor of the controversial 2024 Kenya finance bill and to impeach deputy president Rigathi Gachagua.
Jacob Crews was announced to be part of the team on July 21. However, only a week before the beginning of pre-season he left the team due to personal reasons.
Like the previous two years, Donar participated in the European North Basketball League. Due to last years cup championship, the club qualified for the FIBA Europe Cup but still enrolled for the ENBL due to the flexibility in playing schedule and their problems with their playing venue Martiniplaza.
The 1990 South Carolina lieutenant gubernatorial election was held on November 6, 1990, to elect the lieutenant governor of South Carolina. Incumbent Democrat Nick Theodore won re-election, defeating Republican former United States attorney Henry McMaster by seventeen percentage points. As of 2026, this is the last time a Democrat was elected lieutenant governor of South Carolina. (Democrat Yancey McGill served a brief tenure from 2014 to 2015 but was appointed to the position instead of being formally elected.)
McMaster would later go on to be elected lieutenant governor in 2014 and serves as the state's current governor, having ascended to the position following Nikki Haley's resignation in 2017.
The 2026 East Malaysian haze was a regional air pollution crisis caused primarily by transboundary smoke from forest and peatland fires in Kalimantan, Indonesia. In August 2026, prevailing winds transported the haze across Sarawak, a state in Malaysia, elevating the Air Pollution Index (API) to unhealthy levels in several urban centers, including the state capital of Kuching. In response, the government of Sarawak activated its State Disaster Management Committee to monitor air quality, issue public health advisories on face mask usage and prepare protocols for educational institution closures. Statistically, the primary driver of these seasonal fires is large-scale land clearing for commercial agriculture, predominantly within the pulpwood and oil palm sectors. Indonesian environmental authorities have since initiated legal investigations into several concessionaires and corporate subsidiaries for alleged involvement in illegal open burning and deforestation.
The haze was primarily caused by widespread anthropogenic land clearing activities in neighboring Kalimantan, Indonesia. Historically, the use of controlled burning or slash-and-burn methodology has been used across the Indonesian archipelago as a highly cost-effective and less labor-intensive approach to preparing agricultural land. This seasonal vulnerability was exacerbated in 2026 by a strong El Niño-Southern Oscillation cycle which brought prolonged drought and severely reduced humidity across the island of Borneo. This microclimatic shift transformed degraded tropical peatlands into highly flammable fuel beds, allowing local agricultural fires to transition into uncontrollable subterranean smoldering. The resulting particulate matter was then transported northwest by the prevailing southwest monsoon, elevating the API in Sarawak's major urban zones, particularly affecting Kuching, Bau, Serian, Samarahan, Sri Aman, Betong and Sarikei. In addition to subsistence farming practices, regional data identified large-scale agro-industrial expansion as a major driver of prolonged atmospheric pollution. Conflicting land claims and poorly documented territorial boundaries exacerbate this crisis as local actors use fire to claim de facto ownership of disputed territorial zones. Statistically, satellite-based hotspot monitoring and legal action by the Indonesia's ministry of environment and forestry confirm that investigations have largely focused on commercial palm oil and pulpwood concessionaires rather than domestic tobacco plantations. While regional public discourse has often scrutinized major multinational conglomerates, including entities historically associated with Sinar Mas or regional sub-holdings such as PT Agro Bukit, official state investigations have remained focused on specific concessionaires in West and Central Kalimantan that were found to be negligent in maintaining adequate fire mitigation infrastructure.
On August 20, the second wave of haze season returned and affected in certain parts of Sarawak, just only a week after rainfall last weekend brought some relief to this state. According to Sarawak Disaster Management Committee (SDMC), it is confirmed that eight areas in Sarawak recorded unhealthy air pollutant index (API) readings. The highest was recorded at Serian at 191, followed by Lubok Antu (189), Kuching (188), Sri Aman and Lundu (178), Samarahan (171), Tebedu (164), Sarikei (153), and Sibu (125).
ASEAN Specialised ­Meteo­rological Centre (ASMC) recently ­detected more than 7,200 hotspots in Kalimantan on August 18, much very higher the figure than 614 hotspots on the previous week (during the first wave of haze season). In its weather update yesterday (August 19), it said that more smoke plumes were observed over West Kalimantan, Central Kalimantan, and East Kalimantan, drifting northwards into the western and central parts of Sarawak.
Malaysia Meteorological Department (MetMalaysia) said that humid weather over the past few days had helped ease the haze in the Klang Valley and Sarawak, but air quality could deteriorate again. MetMalaysia director-general, Dr Mohd Hisham Mohd Anip, said hot and dry conditions were expected to return over the next several days as the country remained in the southwest monsoon season, which ends in September.
During the southwest monsoon, lower humidity contributes to reduced rainfall and more days without rain, he added. He also said the Malaysia’s haze ­conditions were also being influ­en­ced by Super El Niño, which is ­currently moderate but is expec­ted to intensify between October and Decem­ber.
Several outdoor activities and events in Kuching, Samarahan, and Serian have been postponed or delayed due to the ongoing haze season in Sarawak. This including 53rd Sarawak Schools Sports Council (MSS Sarawak) Athletics Championship 2026 which is actually scheduled and take place on August 10 until August 14, but postponed due to unhealthy air quality in Samarahan. Sarawak Education Department (Jabatan Pendidikan Sarawak) also reminded to all district education offices (Pejabat Pendidikan Daerah) and all educational institutions under its purview to take seriously preventive measures to safeguard students and school staff during hot weather and haze conditions.
On August 19, Deputy Minister in the Sarawak Premier’s Department, Datuk Dr. Abdul Rahman Junaidi, said the 2026 Sarawak-level Maulidur Rasul celebration, will be held at Dewan Sentral Sarikei on August 25, which is will feature only a gathering, without a procession due to the unhealthy haze situation and hot weather. This Maulidur Rasul celebration was originally to be scheduled and take place at the Sarikei Sports Complex, but the venue and programme were changed as a precautionary measure.
On August 12, Sarawak government announced a total of 108 schools in Serian area have been closed after the air pollutant index (API) exceeded over 200. Deputy Premier of Sarawak, Datuk Amar Douglas Uggah Embas said this solution was in line with the National Haze Action Plan (Pelan Tindakan Jerebu Kebangsaan), which allowed the immediate closure of all schools, kindergartens and childcare centres once the API breaches 200 and above. At the same time, it is also as the precautionary solutions to protect the safety, health and wellbeing of all students and school staff in Serian. To ensure the continuous learning for the students, home-based teaching and learning (PdPR) will be implemented during the closure period.
On August 20, despite the second wave of transboundary haze situation, the deteriorating air quality in Sarawak has prompted the closure of all 591 schools under 10 district education offices across Sarawak, amid growing concerns over the impact of the transboundary haze on pupils and students. Sarawak Education Department said in a statement yesterday that the closures involved 509 primary schools with a combined enrolment of 107,590 pupils, as well as 82 secondary schools involving 89,733 students. The affected schools fall under the Kuching, Padawan, Bau, Lundu, Samarahan, Simunjan, Serian, Sri Aman, Lubok Antu and Betong district education offices.
Meanwhile in Indonesia, dozens of schools in Pontianak were closed on August 11, due to the spreading haze caused from the wildfires and open burning activities in West Kalimantan and Central Kalimantan. The mayor of Pontianak, Edi Rusdi Kamtono, ordered all schools should be closed due to the smoke wafting over the city from fires elsewhere.
Sarawak government approved the plans for cloud seeding operation in effort to increase the potential of heavy rainfall in the targetted areas that records hazy and unhealthy air quality levels in Sarawak, and also to subsequently help maintain the availability of the region's water resources. As a result of the implementation of cloud seeding operation, the haze situation in Sarawak shows the great improvement from unhealthy into moderate air quality level.
Malaysia's Prime Minister, Dato' Seri Anwar Ibrahim, urging all parties including Bomba, ATM, and JPAM, to carry out immediately the large-scale cloud seeding operations without any delay, and also to help Sarawak to completely stop the recurrence of transboundary haze situation.
The 2026 National Champions Cup is the second edition of the Champions One-Day Cup, a List A cricket competition in Pakistan. The tournament began on 11 August 2026 and the final will be held on 18 August 2026. Four teams are taking part in the tournament. In August 2026, Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) confirmed the fixtures for the competition.
The 2018 African-American Film Critics Association Awards were announced on December 11, 2018, while the ceremony took place on February 6, 2019, at Taglyan Complex in Hollywood, California.
A Death in California is a 1985 American crime drama television miniseries directed by Delbert Mann and starring Cheryl Ladd, Sam Elliott, Alexis Smith, and Fritz Weaver. It follows a Beverly Hills socialite (Ladd) who experiences Stockholm syndrome over a psychotic killer (Elliott) after he murders her fiancé and then rapes and terrorizes her at a ranch in Tulare County, California. It is based on the 1981 book of the same name by Joan Barthel, which chronicled the real-life assault against Los Angeles socialite Hope Masters and the murder of her fiancé, Bill Ashlock, in 1973.
A Death in California premiered in two parts, the first airing on ABC on May 12, 1985, followed by the second on May 13, 1985.
Lawrence Van Gelder of The New York Times praised Ladd and Elliot's lead performances, concluding: "At four hours—A Death in California... is slightly padded. But the story, which gets off to a violent beginning, possesses an eerie fascination throughout and maintains suspense to its chilling finish." Judy Flander of the United Feature Syndicate was also impressed by the lead performances, writing that Ladd "combines fragility with a misguided inner strength for her role. Sam Elliott is surely one of the most mesmerizing screen villains in recent years."
Joe Meyers of the Connecticut Post praised Ladd's performance and described the first part of the miniseries as "harrowing." However, he felt Elliott was miscast in his role, and also criticized the second part of the miniseries, which he felt narratively "falls apart." The Baltimore Sun's Bill Carter gave the film a mixed assessment, writing that Ladd "underplays throughout, almost to the point of bloodlessness. Elliott has it easier because he is mostly required to provide soulful mystery and unrelenting sex appeal. As a production, Death in California is not as taut as it should be, but overall as a psychological suspense story it works."
The Courier Journal's Tom Dorsey wrote that "Ladd finally breaks out of the gilded Charlie's Angels cage with the same kind of acting job that freed Farrah Fawcett from that image in The Burning Bed," but felt that, despite the series' strong performances, it's "a Ripley's-Believe-It-or-Not scenario from the start."
The 1997 Auburn Tigers baseball team represented Auburn University in the 1997 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Tigers played their home games at Plainsman Park. They were led by head coach Hal Baird, in his thirteenth season as head coach of the program.
The Tigers reached the College World Series, where they finished tied for 5th after a loss to Stanford, a win against Rice, and another loss to Stanford.
The 992 Endurance Cup is an endurance sports car race held at the Circuit de Spa-Francorchamps in Stavelot, Belgium. It is organized by Creventic in partnership with Porsche Motorsport, exclusively for Porsche 992 GT3 Cup cars.
On 14 December 2023, Creventic and Porsche announced the creation of the Michelin 992 Endurance Cup, a 12 hour endurance race for Porsche 992 GT3 Cup cars. It is the first endurance race solely for the latest 911 GT3 Cup. In 2027, the 992.2-spec Porsche 911 GT3 Cup will be eligible to contest the 992 Endurance Cup.
The first edition had three classes, Pro, Pro-Am and Am while the second had four classes, Pro, Pro-Am, Am-Silver and Am-Bronze. FIA Gold and Platinum rated drivers can participate in the Pro and Pro-Am classes, while FIA Bronze and Silver drivers are eligible for their own classes (Am-Bronze and Am-Silver).
Apron Fools is a 1936 British short comedy film directed by Widgey R. Newman and starring Wally Patch and Hal Walters. It was written by John Quin, and made as a quota quickie.
The heroine is the young daughter of a local alderman, who is acting the role of a parlourmaid in the village church's amateur dramatic society. Reggie, the wealthy son of a knight, falls for her, but assumes she is actually a servant girl. His father, on meeting an ugly duckling maid at the heroine's house, incorrectly thinks she is his son's paramour, and objects to the romance.
The Daily Film Renter wrote: "Continuity is jerky and production values crude, while the mediocre plot is poor in entertainment angles, most of which derive from robust parvenu study by Wally Patch, whose downright cockney comedy is subject's only saving grace. For uncritical patrons. It is not possible to arouse much interest for this somewhat crude effort, although preview laughs were forthcoming on account of a robust cockney study by Wally Patch, despite his lamentable material. ... Production values, continuity, and story angles are extremely poor, while the cast are hard put to it to infuse life into crude dialogue and banal situations."
Coco Gauff defeated Jessica Pegula in the final, 6–2, 6–4 to win the women's singles tennis title at the 2026 Cincinnati Open. It was her second title at the Cincinnati Open (after 2023), fourth WTA 1000 title and twelfth career WTA Tour title overall. She became only the third woman in the Open Era to win multiple Cincinnati Open singles titles, after Serena Williams and Victoria Azarenka. This was the first all-American women's singles final at the tournament since 1970.
The following are the seeded players. Seedings are based on WTA rankings as of August 3, 2026. Rankings and points before are as of August 10, 2026.
Because the tournament takes place one week later this year, the points defending column also includes results from tournaments which took place during the week of August 18, 2025 (Monterrey and Cleveland).
Arthur Fils defeated Frances Tiafoe in the final, 6–3, 1–6, 6–0 to win the men's singles tennis title at the 2026 Cincinnati Open. It was his first ATP Masters 1000 title, and fifth career ATP Tour title overall. Fils was the first Frenchman to win the Cincinnati Open title since Guy Forget in 1991, and the first to win a Masters title overall since Jo-Wilfried Tsonga at the 2014 Canadian Open.
The following are the seeded players. Seedings are based on ATP rankings as of August 3, 2026. Rankings and points before are as of August 10, 2026.
The 2027 U-17 Africa Cup of Nations, known as the TotalEnergies U-17 Africa Cup of Nations for sponsorship purposes or 2027 U17 AFCON for short, is the 17th edition (22nd if editions without hosts are included) of the biennial African youth football tournament organized by Confederation of African Football (CAF) for players aged 17 and below.
Morocco was chosen as the host of this edition on 10 August 2026. The top 10 teams qualified for the 2027 FIFA U-17 World Cup in Qatar as the CAF representatives.
Teams were ranked according to the three points for a win system (3 points for a win, 1 for a draw, 0 points for a loss), and if tied on points, the following tiebreaking criteria were applied, in the order given, to determine the rankings:
If more than two teams were tied, and after applying all head-to-head criteria above, if two teams are still tied, all head-to-head criteria above are applied exclusively to these two teams;
The 2026–27 season, is MC Alger's 58th season and the club's 23rd consecutive season in the top flight of Algerian football. In addition to the domestic league, MC Alger are participating in the Algerian Cup, Super Cup and the Champions League.
Players and squad numbers last updated on 23 August 2026.Note: Flags indicate national team as has been defined under FIFA eligibility rules. Players may hold more than one non-FIFA nationality.
In the qualifying rounds, each tie will be played on a home-and-away two-legged basis. If the aggregate score will be tied after the second leg, the away goals rule will be applied, and if still tied, extra time will not be played, and a penalty shoot-out will be used to determine the winner (Regulations III. 13 & 14).
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 10 May 1962. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
The 2008 Vermont lieutenant gubernatorial election was held on November 4, 2008, to elect the lieutenant governor of Vermont. Republican incumbent Brian Dubie won re-election to a fourth two-year term in office, defeating Democratic former Vermont state representative Thomas W. Costello by fifteen percentage points.
The 2006 Council of the District of Columbia election was held on November 7, with primaries taking place on September 12. There was considerable change in the composition of the Council following the general election, with new members elected to the Chair and in Wards 3, 5, and 6. Additionally, while not directly up for election this cycle, the seats for Ward 4 and Ward 7 were vacated due to Adrian Fenty winning election to Mayor of the District of Columbia and Vincent Gray winning election to Council Chair respectively.
Democrats remained the largest party on the Council, as they kept their 11 total seats. David Catania won re-election in his first election as an independent rather than a Republican, remaining the only independent on Council.
Incumbent chairwoman Linda Cropp declined to run for office again in favor of pursuing a mayoral bid, finishing second in the Democratic primary. Ward 7 Councilmember Vincent Gray beat Ward 3 Councilmember Kathleen Patterson in the Democratic primary for Chair, winning an uncontested general election easily.
Incumbent Ward 3 Councilmember Kathleen Patterson declined to run for re-election in order to campaign for Chair of the Council, for which she ultimately lost in the Democratic primary. Mary Cheh won a crowded primary field, handily beating Republican challenger Theresa Conroy in the general election.
Two-term incumbent Councilmember Vincent Orange declined to run for re-election in order to pursue a bid for Mayor, winning a mere 2.9% in the Democratic primary. Harry Thomas Jr., the son of former Ward 5 Councilmember Harry Thomas Sr., emerged victorious from a crowded field of 11 in the Democratic primary and cleaned up against 3 challengers in the November general election.
Incumbent Councilmember Sharon Ambrose declined to run for re-election for a third term, instead opting to resign at the end of her term due to her ongoing battle with multiple sclerosis.
Earl Eugene Rowe (August 21, 1920 – February 1, 2002) was an American film, stage and television actor. He was best known for playing Lt. Dave Barton in the 1958 film The Blob.
Rowe was born in Delanco Township, New Jersey. Raised in Riverside Township, New Jersey, he attended Palmyra High School, graduating in 1938; his lead role in a school performance of Death Takes a Holiday led a teacher to tell him that he should pursue a career as an actor. After graduating, he attended Bessie V. Hicks School of Dramatic Arts in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. He acted on summer stock theaters, and served in the United States Army during World War II. He began his screen career in 1951, appearing in the CBS anthology television series Studio One, and in 1952, he appeared in Lux Video Theatre.
Later in his career, Rowe guest-starred in television programs including The Phil Silvers Show, Naked City, Kojak, and played the recurring role of Evan Fleming in the NBC soap opera television series The Doctors. In 1958, he starred as Lt. Dave Barton in the film The Blob, starring along with Steve McQueen, Aneta Corsaut and Olin Howland, and in 1980, he appeared in the television film Attica.
Brighter than Scale, Swifter than Flame is a 2025 fantasy romance novella by Neon Yang. It tells the story of Yeva, a knight and dragon slayer, who visits a kingdom where dragons are held sacred.
A narrator tells the story of the legendary guildknight of Mithrandon. The narrator promises to tell the true story of the person behind the mask.
When Kunlin Yeva is thirteen, a dragon enters her home. Yeva confronts the dragon and protects her younger sister. During the confrontation, blue flames surround her. The dragon maims her hand, but she kills the beast with her father's sword. Recognizing that she has inherited his family's magic, Yeva's father sends her to apprentice as a guildknight in the city of Mithrandon.
In the capital, Yeva meets her cousin Emory. Over the following years, she becomes a guildknight. She refuses to remove her armor in public, lending her the moniker "the masked knight." Emory tells Yeva that the emperor has become interested in the neighboring kingdom of Quanbao, where dragons are worshipped instead of feared. It is rumored that a large storm dragon lives in Quanbao; Yeva is ordered to slay it.
Yeva meets Lady Sookhee, the king of Quanbao. Sookhee suffers from a hereditary illness. Yeva learns that her own mother was once a confidant to Sookhee's mother, the previous king. Sookhee tells Yeva that dragons are sacred to Quanbao, but that they no longer live in the kingdom.
During the following months, Yeva and Sookhee become close. Yeva intermittently explores the caverns under Sookhee's palace, hoping to find evidence of dragons. The caverns are intermittently closed to visitors, frustrating Yeva's search. Yeva and Sookhee attend a festival together. They later become lovers.
Yeva recognizes a pattern between Sookhee's blood illness and the closure of the caverns. She enters the caverns during a forbidden period. She discovers a dragon scale. Yeva sends a letter to Emory, then plans to confront Sookhee.
When Yeva arrives in Sookhee's quarters, the king passes out from her illness. When she recovers, Sookhee brings Yeva below the palace. They visit a mausoleum filled with dragons' relics. Sookhee reveals that she knows of the existence of the creature who dropped the scale, calling her the last of her kind. Sookhee asks Yeva to keep the secret, but Yeva has already sent a letter to Emory.
Emory and other knights from Mithrandon arrive at the palace. Emory forces his way into the caverns. Yeva is torn between her loyalty to her Empire and to Sookhee, but ultimately accompanies him. In the caverns, they encounter a storm dragon. Yeva sees a scar on its body, recognizing the dragon as Lady Sookhee. Emory fires his musket, causing the cave's ceiling to collapse.
The dragon transforms into Lady Sookhee. Sookhee tells Yeva the truth about her blood sickness: once per month, the king transforms into a dragon. Yeva rejects the Empire and pledges her loyalty to Sookhee. Emory arrives to confront them. Yeva accuses him of caring more about the Empire than about her. Emory tells Yeva that he will be killed if he returns home empty-handed. Sookhee offers him the skull of her father, a dragon shapeshifter who was killed by knights of Mithrandon years ago.
Yeva disavows her role as a knight of Mithrandon. Emory and his knights return to their own nation, claiming that Yeva was killed during the fight with the dragon. Emory forges a new trade agreement with Quanbao. Yeva returns to her childhood home for the first time since leaving for Mithrandon, hoping to reunite with her family.
Alexandra Pierce writes that masks and identity are a key thematic element in the story. Fictional characters such as the Mandalorian and many superheroes use masks to conceal their identities; Yeva's propensity to wear a mask follows this pattern. Yeva has been compelled to become a guildknight and has also compelled herself to follow their rules. This is represented by her guildknight mask and her desire never to remove her uniform.
Alexandra Pierce of Locus praised the novella's diversity, including its use of a female knight, its Asian-inspired setting which lends ethnic diversity, and its queer representation. Pierce also enjoyed the slower pace of the story, which allows the relationship between Yeva and Lady Sookhee to develop realistically.
Writing for Reactor, Vanessa Armstrong praised Yang's prose, likening it to a fairy tale. Armstrong felt that the most moving part of the story was Yeva's internal identity struggle, which would resonate with many readers. The review praised the hopeful tone of the ending, with Armstrong commenting that she would enjoy seeing a sequel or another work set in the same world.
An English Autumn Afternoon is an 1854 oil painting by the British artist Ford Madox Brown. It features a view across the suburbs of Hampstead on an autumn day. A member of the Pre-Raphaelite movement, Brown had begun the work in 1852 and the oval shape of the canvas represented an experiment. Although the art critic John Ruskin was a noted supporter of the Pre-Raphaelites, he was not impressed by this painting.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 11 May 1961. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
The 2026 Tyrone Senior Football Championship is the 121st edition of Tyrone GAA's premier Gaelic football tournament for senior clubs in County Tyrone, Ireland. The championship consists of 16 teams in a straight knock-out format. The draw for the competition was made on 14 May 2026, with reigning champions Loughmacrory beginning their title defence against Dungannon.
The winners of the Tyrone Senior Football Championship will progress onwards to play the Down Senior Football Champions in the preliminary-round of the 2026 Ulster Senior Club Football Championship.
The 2007 Iona Gaels football team was an American football team that represented Iona College (now known as Iona University) as a member of the Metro Atlantic Athletic Conference (MAAC) during the 2007 NCAA Division I FCS football season. In their tenth year under head coach Fred Mariani, the team compiled an overall record of 7–4, with a mark of 2–1 in conference play, and finished as MAAC co-champion along with Duquesne and Marist.
The 2026–27 ACB season, also known as Liga Endesa for sponsorship reasons, will be the 44th season of the top Spanish professional basketball league, since its establishment in 1983. It will start on 26 September 2026 with the regular season and will end at the latest on 29 June 2027 with the finals.
A total of 18 teams will contest the league, including 16 sides from the 2025–26 season and two promoted from the 2025–26 Primera FEB. This will include the top team from the Primera FEB, and the winners of the Primera FEB Final Four.
On 8 May 2026, Monbus Obradoiro became the first team to clinch the promotion to ACB after an 85–68 win to Inveready Gipuzkoa at the last round of the regular season. It will be the 15th season of the team from Santiago de Compostela after two years since their previous spells in the 2009–10 season and between 2011 and 2024 in the Spanish top tier. On 7 June 2026, Leyma Coruña became the second team to secure promotion to the ACB. They clinched the final spot by defeating Movistar Estudiantes 100–97 in overtime during the Primera FEB Final Four, completing a historic comeback to seal the victory. It will be the second season of the team from the city of A Coruña after their debut season in the 2024–25 season in the Spanish top league.
The first team to be relegated from ACB was Coviran Granada, after a 98–101 loss to Barça on 13 May 2026, with three rounds before the end of the regular season after four years since their debut in the top tier in the 2022–23 season. The second team to be relegated to Primera FEB was Dreamland Gran Canaria, after an 81–105 loss against Valencia Basket and the dramatic buzzer-beater three-pointer in the last seconds that served to Casademont Zaragoza to achieve the win and avoid relegation in the last round on 29 May 2026, ending their 31-year stay for the Canarian team in the top flight since the 1995–96 season in a successful era in which they achieved the EuroCup just three years earlier in 2023.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 12 May 1960. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
The Aquiry civilization was a civilization located in Southwest Amazonia, in the region of the Acre River. It built extensive networks of roads and geometrical earthworks.
In 2024, satellite imagery of recently deforested areas was used to map a network of earthworks, suggesting wide-scale and ancient human activity in the region. The study also suggested that investigating adjacent forested areas could lead to major discoveries.
A several years-long project involving many flyovers equipped with canopy-penetrating LIDAR led to a major revision of the scale and potential influence of this civilization.
The 2025–26 Western Carolina Catamounts women's basketball team represented Western Carolina University during the 2025–26 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Catamounts, led by second-year head coach Jonathan Tsipis, played their home games at the Ramsey Center in Cullowhee, North Carolina as members of the Southern Conference (SoCon).
The Catamounts finished the 2024–25 season 13–17, 3–11 in SoCon play, to finish in a tie for seventh (last) place. They were defeated by top-seeded and eventual tournament champions UNC Greensboro in the quarterfinals of the SoCon tournament.
On 10 August 2026, a Mw 7.4–7.5 earthquake struck the department of Chocó in Colombia, killing at least 331 people, injuring more than 4,600 others, leaving 240 confirmed missing and causing extensive damage across the country. The earthquake was felt across much of western and central Colombia and in parts of neighbouring Ecuador and Panama, and caused extensive damage in Cali, Pereira, Quibdó, Manizales, Armenia, Buenaventura, and other areas.
The coastal parts of Ecuador and southern Colombia lie above the convergent boundary where the Malpelo plate subducts beneath the South American plate along the Colombia–Ecuador Trench. At this location the Malpelo plate, the microplate northeast of the Nazca plate, is moving to the east relative to South America at a rate of 58 mm (2.3 in) per year. North of the Carnegie Ridge, the subduction interface has four recognisable segments, from south to north, the Esmeraldas, Manglares, Tumaco and Patia segments. This plate boundary has been the location of several great historical earthquakes, most associated with damaging tsunamis. In 1906, a 500–600 km (310–370 mi) long segment of the plate interface ruptured, causing a magnitude 8.8 earthquake (rupturing all four segments) and a trans-Pacific tsunami.
Earthquakes at depths of approximately 70 to 300 km (43 to 186 mi) are conventionally classified as intermediate-depth earthquakes. In most subduction zones, they occur within descending oceanic slabs rather than on the shallower plate interface. In southern Colombia's Cauca region, however, an unusual subset occurs at depths of approximately 80 to 160 km (50 to 99 mi) within the mantle wedge above the subducting Nazca slab; the broader cluster also includes intraslab earthquakes. The Cauca earthquake cluster occupies approximately 4.5°N 76.15°W﻿ / 4.5; -76.15.
Intermediate-depth earthquakes are normally uncommon in the mantle above a subducting slab because the mantle there is generally too hot to sustain earthquake-producing failure. Thermo-petrologic models indicate that, along the northern transect through the Cauca cluster, the maximum depth of decoupling is anomalously deep and reaches the down-dip end of the subducted Panamá–Chocó terrane at approximately 180 km (110 mi) depth. The model predicts temperatures below approximately 600 to 700 °C (1,112 to 1,292 °F) in the region of the supra-slab earthquakes, consistent with the occurrence of seismic failure there.
Beneath the Cordillera Oriental and Cordillera Central, and between latitudes 4°N and 6°N, subducted oceanic crust of the Nazca plate is sheared along an east-southeast trending "slab tear" zone. This zone also marks the boundary between two distinct slab geometries; to the north, the slab exhibits flat slab subduction. This slab north of the tear may represent remnants of the Caribbean plate or Coiba microplate.
The earthquake measured 7.4 on the moment magnitude scale and struck at a depth of 110.3 km (68.5 mi) according to the United States Geological Survey. The Colombian Geological Survey (CGS) put the earthquake at the same magnitude and reported a depth of 96 km (60 mi). The Global Centroid Moment Tensor (GCMT) assigned the earthquake a moment magnitude of Mw 7.5. It had an epicenter 20 km (12 mi) from San José del Palmar in the department of Chocó and struck at 07:34 COT. It was caused by strike-slip faulting at an intermediate depth along either a northeast trending left-lateral or northwest trending right-lateral fault. The earthquake represented a rupture within the subducting Nazca plate as it subducts eastwards beneath South America along the Ecuador–Colombia trench.
The CGS said it was the strongest earthquake in the country in the last decade, and the largest since the 1979 Tumaco earthquake. It was followed by more than 100 aftershocks, the largest of which, having a magnitude of mb 5.0, struck at 08:18 COT. A peak ground acceleration of 0.426987 g in the east-west vector was recorded at a seismic observatory in Jamundí, about 202 km (126 mi) south of the epicenter or 227 km (141 mi) from the hypocenter. At Manizales, 86 km (53 mi) east of the epicenter, the east-west component of acceleration was 0.2886 g. Shaking was felt in 32 of Colombia's departmental capitals, forcing evacuations. It was estimated to have lasted for around two minutes and was also felt in Panama, Ecuador, and Venezuela.
The immediate epicenter area was also the epicenter area of a 108 km (67 mi) deep Mw 7.2 earthquake on 23 November 1979, which was caused by oblique-normal faulting. The 1979 event had a maximum Modified Mercalli intensity of VII–VIII (Very strong–Severe) assigned to a large area including the cities of Pereira, Armenia and Manizales. The shock was also felt with intensity VI (Strong) in Cali, Ibagué, Quibdó and Medellín, and V (Moderate) in Bogotá.
Local officials reported at least 331 people died, 4,611 were injured, and 240 people remained missing. It was the deadliest earthquake in the country since 1999, when a magnitude 6.1 event affected Armenia and Pereira. There were 184 deaths in Valle del Cauca, 108 in Risaralda, 14 in Chocó, 6 in Caldas, 3 in Quindío, 2 in Cauca and 1 in Antioquia. More than 97% of the fatalities came from departmental capitals. One of the fatalities was a Chilean child. According to Spanish foreign minister José Manuel Albares, 1 Colombian–Spanish citizen died and 12 Spanish citizens were missing. Damage was reported at more than 10 airports, including in Manizales, Quibdó, Armenia, Cartago and Buenaventura. The Colombian Civil Aviation Authority said flights were suspended at these airports. More than 361,300 people were affected across the country.
Due to the intermediate depth of the earthquake, the damage was widespread and across a large area. Twelve departments were directly affected by the earthquake. The Puracé volcano in Cauca emitted fumes after the earthquake, although the CGS said it was not related to the earthquake. Across the country, at least 178,555 homes were damaged, 31,540 others were destroyed, and 603 buildings collapsed with 5,884 more damaged. Damage also occurred to 441 roads, 378 healthcare centers, 3,731 educational institutions, 89 bridges, 118 aqueducts and 4,170 community centers. The Colombian government placed initial economic damages at 30 trillion pesos (US$9.6 billion). Oxford Economics projected direct economic damages ranging from US$990 million to US$1.98 billion, equivalent to 0.2% to 0.4% of Colombia's GDP, while the USGS put the toll at near US$40 billion, or 7% of GDP.
Six people were killed in Caldas Department. In Palestina, one person was injured by a collapsed wall, eight homes collapsed and 100 others were damaged. Four schools, four churches, two hospitals, a police station, a sports center, the House of Culture and two cemeteries were also affected. Five people died, 36 structures collapsed and several churches were damaged in Manizales. One of the towers of the Cathedral Basilica of Our Lady of the Rosary collapsed into the nave. A four-story building partially collapsed in the city. In Armenia, three deaths occurred, 174 people were injured, five buildings collapsed, and 240 homes and 40 buildings were damaged, including the control tower and the runway of El Edén International Airport. Across Quindío Department, 334 people were injured, and more than 10,000 homes were damaged or destroyed. At least 107 people were killed in Pereira, including three at Matecaña International Airport, which partially collapsed. In the city, at least 65 buildings collapsed, including 15 in which people were trapped in the immediate aftermath. Some people were also trapped inside the city's cable cars.
In the department of Chocó, where the epicenter was located, at least 14 deaths and 119 injuries were recorded. Twelve people were killed, 36 were injured and 42 structures collapsed in Quibdó. Nubia Carolina Córdoba, the governor of Chocó, said several municipalities were severely impacted, while preliminary reports described damages in Quibdó as well as the Alto and Bajo Baudó regions as "monstrous." In the epicentral town, San José del Palmar, 42 houses collapsed and 580 others were damaged. Road infrastructures leading to the town were heavily damaged or buried under landslides, and telecommunication services were disabled. Several people were killed and 70 were injured in Istmina. Its mayor, Jaison Mosquera Sánchez, said the earthquake damaged more than 550 homes and affected 3,000 people. Sánchez also said that all school buildings and the city hall were affected. In Sipí, a local leader also said only four or five of the town's 65 homes remained intact.
In Valle del Cauca Department, at least 184 people died, and about 5,000 homes were destroyed. About 80% of homes were reportedly destroyed in El Cairo. Severe infrastructural damage was also recorded in the towns of Riofrío and Vijes. In Cali, 153 people died and 1,500 were injured. More than 5,000 buildings were damaged or destroyed in the city, 40 of which collapsed. Eighteen hospitals were also damaged. Several buildings in El Lido, Alameda, Tequendama, Nueva Tequendama, Cámbulos, Cuarto de Legua, El Refugio, Pampalinda, El Limonar, Capri, and Caldas neighborhoods experienced a complete collapse. Heavy damage was also reported at the nearby University Hospital of Valle. Due to a section of the hospital's upper floors collapsing, more than 600 patients at that hospital were evacuated and treated in the open. The Estadio Olímpico Pascual Guerrero was also damaged. Along the Cali-Buenaventura highway, 15 vehicles were stranded inside a tunnel after rockslides blocked the exit leading to Cali. Nine people also died in Buenaventura. In Calima, four children were killed while 30 others were injured after the Gimnasio Calima school partially collapsed. The basilica of Our Lord of the Miracles of Buga sustained cracks across its central dome.
The earthquake was felt strongly in Bogotá, where people evacuated from buildings. Mayor Carlos Fernando Galán said some buildings were cracked but there were no reports of severe damage. More than 464 reports of cracks and fissures and other damage to buildings were received in the city. In the department of Cundinamarca, there were two reports of building damage, including structural damage to a school in Nilo. In Antioquia, one person was killed by a rockfall in Támesis. More than 350 homes, 61 schools, 29 churches and 7 hospitals were damaged in the department. Caved-in roofs and fractured walls were reported in towns on the outskirts of Medellín. The interior of the Basilica of the Immaculate Conception in Jardín was damaged, while several religious images were destroyed.
Evacuations were also ordered in several buildings across Panama following the shaking. Panama City's rapid transit Panama Metro temporarily suspended service on Lines 1 and 2. It returned to normal operations after structural inspections confirmed no risks. Slight structural damage was observed in a health center in Montijo and at several buildings in Panama Oeste Province. The Fire Department attended to two people who suffered anxiety attacks in Chitré. In Ecuador, six homes were damaged in Carchi and Esmeraldas provinces and masonry fell from a building in Guayas Province.
President Abelardo de la Espriella declared a state of national disaster and declared three days of national mourning. He arrived in Bogotá and was at the National Unit for Risk and Disaster Management (UNGRD) headquarters to meet with the mayors and governors of the affected areas. He said he was activating rescue and disaster relief teams in the affected areas. He ordered the establishment of a Unified Command Post to coordinate the disaster response. De la Espriella then traveled to Quibdó and Cali on the evening of 10 August to survey the damage. He also declared a economic emergency on 12 August and proposed the creation of a "Miracle Fund" that would channel national and international contributions to be allocated for the rebuilding of infrastructure. Finance minister Miguel Gómez Martínez announced that the government would activate a loan with the World Bank costing up to US$450 million as part of efforts to guarantee the availability of resources. He also issued a one-month extension for the payment of income tax, whose deadline was originally scheduled on 13 August. On 15 August, de la Espriella, through a phone call, asked US president Donald Trump to suspend tariffs on Colombian exports to help businesses and accelerate economic recovery of in earthquake-affected areas.
Rescue work was conducted by soldiers, rescue personnel, and relatives of those trapped. Volunteers formed lines to help pass large pieces of concrete as rescuers sorted through the rubble. In Cali, rescue efforts began immediately at dozens of building collapse sites to rescue those trapped. At least 38 people were rescued from the rubble, but mayor Alejandro Eder appealed for more rescuers. To support the response, Bogotá's mayor Carlos Fernando Galán initially dispatched 100 rescuers to Cali. Five units of the army with rescue capabilities and equipment were also dispatched. By 11 August, there were more than 220 rescue specialists and 100 military engineers in the city. A trapped survivor underwent emergency amputation onsite to remove her right leg, which had been pinned down under a concrete column. She was rescued from the rubble after 10 hours. Protests were held at Cali's city hall by residents criticizing the absence of authorities in affected areas. The city government said that it would take up to three years to rebuild following the earthquake, with a cost of at least US$3.2 billion. In Pereira, mayor Mauricio Salazar Peláez advised residents not to visit the Los Nevados Clinic, San Jorge Hospital, and Comfamiliar Clinic because they were overwhelmed by the number of injured arriving. The Noé Clinic was partially evacuated due to damage. Rescue operations ordered extended beyond the 72 hour-window for retrieving survivors following the earthquake until 15 August. A court in Barranquilla subsequently ordered the suspension of demolitions of damaged structures in Pereira where there is a possibility that people could still be alive underneath.
In Medellín, more than 260 firefighters and 40 engineers conducted building damage inspections. Several injured patients were airlifted from Quibdó to Medellín. At the University Hospital of Valle in Cali, where 70% of its infrastructure was damaged, there were no outpatient or surgical services. The director said 800 patients were evacuated and 6 died.
In many instances, neighbours and relatives of those trapped were the first to respond to the emergency. More than 500 people, including specialists and volunteers, searched for survivors within the rubble without equipment in Pereira. Areas like the impoverished Chocó Department experienced equipment shortages. Cristian Torres, the regional director of the Red Cross in the Americas, said it made an emergency appeal to support the region for 24 months, citing a long-term operation expected due to the widespread impact. The Colombian Red Cross dispatched its search and rescue teams to the departments of Antioquia, Quindío and Caldas. Thirty personnel were deployed to Chocó. The United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs said Colombian authorities did not appeal for assistance, but the organisation was preparing for that possibility. In Bogotá, the Red Cross and Bogotá Food Bank collected donations and set up collection centers for supplies. While there were abundant food donations, essential goods such as mattresses, blankets, and electrical generators were lacking. On 17 August, the country's forensic sciences department had identified 288 of the 298 bodies received.
Curfews were enforced in Cali and Pereira to prevent theft and allow rescue work to continue smoothly. Exemptions were issued for those who were participating in the rescue and relief efforts. President de la Espriella also announced more than 1,000 soldiers would be active in Cali to enforce public order after there were reports of unrest and looting. Parks and streets in the city became refuge spaces for people who were displaced. The 30th edition of the Petronio Alvarez Pacific Music Festival, which was due to be held in Cali from 12 to 17 August, was suspended by mayor Eder. The División Mayor del Fútbol Profesional Colombiano (DIMAYOR) suspended all activity in its competitions for the week, while CONMEBOL temporarily suspended the Copa Libertadores and Copa Sudamericana matches involving Colombian clubs. President de la Espriella said families of those affected would receive rental subsidies and their utility bills and tax filings would be suspended to cope with the losses. A car-free day was also declared in Pereira to allow search operations to proceed. The city's harvest festival was also cancelled, with funds originally meant to be used in the event diverted instead to disaster recovery. The 2026 edition of the Vuelta a Colombia was terminated three days before its scheduled conclusion in Medellin on 16 August, after five stages and 880 km (550 mi). Frontrunner Diego Camargo of Team Medellín EPM was declared the winner.
A benefit concert for victims of the earthquake, titled "Colombia, Medellín te quiere" was announced for 15 August at the La Macarena Events Center in Medellín, featuring more than 25 artists including Pipe Bueno, Kapo, Juliana Velásquez, Andy Rivera, Jhonny Rivera, Llane, Westcol, and Pelicanger. Morat also declared announced that it will donate proceeds from its six concerts from its "Ya es mañana" tour at the Movistar Arena in Bogotá. Another benefit concert, titled "Colombia: Voces por la Vida" was held on 23 August at the Vive Claro in Bogotá, featuring performances by Andrés Cepeda, Beéle, Bonka, ChocQuibTown, Draco Rosa, Eladio Carrión, Galy Galiano, Grupo Niche, Juliana Velásquez, Manuel Medrano, Miguel Bosé, Pedro Capo, Sebastián Yatra, Silvestre Dangond, and Karol G. The concert raised 11.2 billion pesos (US$3.5 million). Jhon Arias, a native of Quibdó, and his wife arranged an aircraft to transport medical personnel and supplies to the city. Shakira raised $1 million to fund the reconstruction of affected educational facilities. On 17 August, she visited Quibdó with American philanthropist Howard Buffett and announced the construction of ten schools and the reconstruction of the University of Chocó. Jhonny Rivera also opened his farm in Risaralda to shelter displaced elderly persons.
The National Association of Entrepreneurs of Colombia (ANDI) raised more than US$64 million for emergency assistance and reconstruction efforts. The Santo Domingo family pledged 100 billion pesos (US$32 million), while the Gilinski family pledged 150 billion pesos (US$48 million) to be used mainly for reconstruction efforts in Colombia. Monetary donations were also given by several other individuals and entities in the business sector such as Arturo Calle, Tecnoglass, Ecopetrol, Bancolombia and Grupo Éxito. Acerias Paz del Rio and Cemex provided construction equipment, while Alpina Productos Alimenticios, Tetra Pak, Bavaria Brewery and Postobón pledged milk, water and other vital beverages.
Ecuadorian president Daniel Noboa offered the Colombian government the assistance of a 47-member search and rescue team that can independently operate in Colombia for seven days. Noboa additionally expressed support to the Colombian people and conveyed sympathies for the families affected by the earthquake. Foreign Minister of Venezuela Félix Plasencia also stated that Venezuela is ready to send rescue workers and humanitarian aid. US Secretary of State Marco Rubio and several US Congress members expressed solidarity with Colombia and stated that the United States is ready to assist in rescue efforts. Similar statements were made by Mexican president Claudia Sheinbaum and Salvadoran president Nayib Bukele. Israeli foreign minister Gideon Sa'ar and Chilean president José Antonio Kast also stated that their countries were willing to provide aid to Colombia. On 13 August, Israel sent an aid delegation to Colombia, while Chile sent humanitarian aid consisting of a 10-ton shipment that included food, personal hygiene items, and medicines. Argentine president Javier Milei and foreign minister Pablo Quirno expressed condolences and support to the Colombian people as well as Argentina's willingness to provide any assistance required by Colombia.
Bolivia's president Rodrigo Paz offered condolences to Colombians and stated that Bolivia was willing to provide assistance within the scope of its capacities and if requested by the Colombian government. President of Panama José Raúl Mulino expressed condolences and said that Panama would send aid to Colombia, stating that logistics were underway to deliver assistance. Guatemalan president Bernardo Arévalo and the government of Costa Rica also announced that they were ready to help. Swiss president Guy Parmelin also offered assistance to Colombia.
Condolences were extended to Colombia by King Charles III of the United Kingdom and other Commonwealth realms, President Luiz Inácio Lula da Silva of Brazil, President Emmanuel Macron of France, Prime Minister Giorgia Meloni of Italy, King Carl XVI Gustaf of Sweden, President Volodymyr Zelenskyy of Ukraine, Prime Minister Pedro Sánchez of Spain, King Harald V of Norway, President Keiko Fujimori of Peru, President Yamandú Orsi of Uruguay, President Nasry Asfura of Honduras, paramount leader Xi Jinping of China, Prime Minister Anwar Ibrahim of Malaysia, King Mohammed VI of Morocco, Prime Minister Shehbaz Sharif of Pakistan, President Bongbong Marcos of the Philippines, President Patrick Herminie of Seychelles, President Tô Lâm of Vietnam and the Thai government.
The United States announced that they would supply Colombia with US$26.5 million of relief, while president de la Espriella announced that the United Arab Emirates would donate US$10 million to Colombia. A search team from Los Angeles County Fire Department subsequently arrived in Colombia, while another urban search-and-rescue team from Fairfax County, Virginia, was mobilised at the request of the Colombian government. President of the European Commission Ursula von der Leyen announced that the Commission had mobilized the Copernicus Programme in order to aid with rescue operations in Colombia. The European Union allocated €2 million in humanitarian aid for Colombia. El Salvador announced that they would send two planes with 100 tons of humanitarian relief; President Bukele also claimed that Colombia had rejected international offers of supplying rescue teams and had only requested financial aid for affected Colombian families. Previously, Chinese ambassador to Bogotá Zhu Jingyang tweeted that the Chinese government was struggling to coordinate assistance for the earthquake with the Colombian government. Mexico redeployed members of the Topos de Tlatelolco who were assisting in rescue operations in Caracas following the 2026 Venezuela earthquakes in June to Cali. The Vatican sent at least €100,000 in aid through the Episcopal Conference of Colombia, while the World Bank released $200 million in emergency financing.
Despite the offers of rescue teams from Mexico, their state leaders said they were not given permission to be in Colombia, which was criticized by its citizens. However, de la Espriella's government accepted humanitarian supplies, medical equipment, and other goods from Mexico which they requested. Mexico's president, Claudia Sheinbaum, said they planned to send another 58 tonnes (57 long tons; 64 short tons) of aid by 14 August. The only nations from which Colombia formally requested search and rescue teams were El Salvador, Ecuador, Israel and the United States. According to UNGRD head David Santiago Tamayo, these countries met their international requirements for the task. The mayor of Cali also said that they wanted to "maximize its rescue capabilities before requesting international support." Sheinbaum disputed the explanation by saying the Mexican rescue teams were already certified but Colombian authorities requested another, adding that the team has been dispatched in 98 countries. Politically conservative de la Espriella faced accusations of preventing rescue teams with left-wing leaders from entering Colombia, which Colombian foreign minister Omar Bula denied. The Colombian government said it had initially established that foreign assistance should focus on logistics and material resources, while rescue operations should be handled by domestic actors. On 12 August, vice president José Manuel Restrepo announced that more than 12 countries including Sweden, Turkey, the United States, Mexico, El Salvador, Ecuador, Japan, Brazil, Switzerland, and Sweden pledged to deploy humanitarian aid and rescue teams. On August 13, a leaked letter revealed that Javier Pava, the then head of the UNGRD and a holdover from the government of de la Espriella's immediate predecessor, Gustavo Petro, had rejected the international aid, as he was still in post due to the lack of transfer of power, as de la Espriella ended the process due to Petro's refusal to accept the results of the 2026 election. Pava was removed from his post a day later and could face a criminal investigation. He was replaced by David Santiago Tamayo.
Starlink announced that it would provide free internet service to customers in Chocó, Caldas, Valle del Cauca, Risaralda, and Quindío departments until 12 September. FC Barcelona raised at least €100,000 (approximately US$115,000) in donations and launched another fundraising campaign to help affected communities. Chef José Andrés announced that he would donate US$1 million to small food businesses affected by the earthquake. In a joint video appearance, Lamine Yamal and Ryan Castro announced that they were sending aircraft carrying humanitarian aid to Chocó and Cali. In another joint announcement, Nicky Jam and Grupo Argos donated COP 13 billion (US$4.2 million) in aid. HYBE also pledged US$300,000 in aid. In Miami, a benefit concert titled "United for Our Own" aimed at helping victims of the Venezuela and Colombia earthquakes was announced for 16 August at the Kaseya Center, featuring performances by more than 15 artists including Marc Anthony, Ricardo Montaner, Feid, Silvestre Dangond, Piso 21, Jay Wheeler, Elena Rose, Gente de Zona, Mau y Ricky, Olga Tañón, and Lasso.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 7 May 1959. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
A presidential election was held on 20 August 2026 to elect the 23rd president of Bangladesh. It took place following the resignation of Mohammed Shahabuddin, the 22nd president of Bangladesh, citing health reasons. Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP) candidate Mirza Fakhrul Islam Alamgir was elected as the president, receiving almost three-fourths of the parliamentary votes. It was Bangladesh's first contested presidential election in 35 years, the last one being in 1991.
After the 2008 general election, the Awami League under the leadership of Sheikh Hasina, came to power and retained it for almost 15 years, until her resignation in the July Uprising in 2024. International observers and opposition entities had heavily accused the Awami League regime for democratic backsliding and autocratic tendencies. Mohammed Shahabuddin, a low profile retired jurist, was nominated by Sheikh Hasina for the 2023 presidential election, which he won unopposed like most indirect presidential elections before. He took office on 24 April 2023, succeeding Mohammad Abdul Hamid, the longest serving president in the country's history.
Following the fall of Hasina regime in the July Uprising, Mohammed Shahabuddin remained the only person in high office of the state with ties with the Awami League. President Shahabuddin had then assumed de facto executive power from 5 to 8 August in the constitutional crisis as the Reuters described him as the "sole remaining constitutional authority", until the interim government led by Muhammad Yunus was formed and sworn in. Shahabuddin's ties with the former government made the relation between him and the interim government worsen, with the president being cut off from most ceremonial duties and his press, media and communication wing obliterated. Organisations related to the July Uprising, including the Students Against Discrimination, Jatiya Nagorik Committee, Inqilab Moncho and with the support of Bangladesh Jamaat-e-Islami, actively campaigned for the removal of Shahabuddin from presidency; accusing him of giving tacit support to Hasina regime's crimes against humanity and July massacre, and attempting to rehabilitate Awami League. Shahabuddin remained in office despite calls for his resignation, mostly with the support of the Bangladesh Armed Forces and the Bangladesh Nationalist Party (BNP), which opposed his removal due to their concerns about deepening constitutional crisis and an attempt to prolong an unconstitutional government. However, Shahabuddin still expressed his desire to resign after the scheduled 2026 general election, alleging Muhammad Yunus of constitutional misconduct and humiliating the presidency.
After the landslide victory of BNP in the 2026 general election from which the Awami League was barred from, Shahabuddin was allowed to resume his presidential duties and press activities by Tarique Rahman's government. Shahabuddin backtracked from his desire to resign after that.
On July 24, 2026, Shahabuddin resigned from office, citing severe health complications, including autonomic neuropathy, heart disease, and related physical and mental incapacity that prevented him from carrying out his constitutional duties. After his resignation, Speaker Hafiz Uddin Ahmad became the acting president.
The president is elected by an indirect election by the members of the Jatiya Sangsad as per Article 48 of the Constitution. Under Section 10 of the Presidential Election Act, lawmakers vote publicly, with each voter casting one ballot. However, since 1991, when parliamentary government system was restored in Bangladesh, all of government party candidates have been elected uncontested.
According to Article 70 of the Constitution, members of parliament cannot vote against their party's candidate, a provision that arguably also applies to presidential elections as well.
On 13 August 2026, a week before the election, a writ petition was filed with the Supreme Court challenging Article 70, arguing that it affects the independence of Parliament. On 18 August 2026, the High Court summarily rejected the petition.
Six MPs namely Mirza Abbas, Osman Faruk, and Mustafa Kamal Pasha of the BNP, Gazi Nazrul Islam, who was expelled from Jamaat, Abul Hasan of Khelafat Majlis, and independent Rumeen Farhana did not vote in this election.
Awami League: Banned AL president and former prime minister Sheikh Hasina, who's in exile in India since her ouster in 2024, in a online meeting with partymen, talked about the election while criticizing Muhammad Yunus, BNP, and their allies, stating– ... They came to plunder, and they'll leave after plundering. One (Yunus) has already made off with the loot, yet he was itching to become president. In that regard he was not made president, and for that I would rather thank the BNP, that they didn’t reinstate that usurious cheat. ... He (Tarique) gave it (presidency) to a politician (Fakhrul), and that's the big thing. But they, too, fall to the same gang of looters. So everybody must unite to protect the country. Journalist Anis Alamgir described her acknowledgement for Fakhrul "rare" but a sort of schadenfreude, quoting "This is not love for Husayn, it is the hatred for Yazid." Earlier, Hasina called Shahabuddin's resignation "forced", comparing it with previous incidents under Ziaur Rahman and Khaleda Zia, saying–Grabbing arms, entering the president house, into his (Abu Sadat Mohammad Sayem) bedroom, stomping shoes in his bed, wearing boots, [Ziaur Rahman] told him (Sayem), "You must resign, you can no longer remain president." Seizing power like that he declared himself president. Khaleda Zia, after coming to power, took Badruddoza Chowdhury, and our another president, Mr. Biswas, ousted [these] two. And now their son (Tarique) came and ousted our sitting president. This is simply their nature. They don't know how to respect people; their lust for power is what matters the most to them. After Fakhrul's inauguration, AL general secretary Obaidul Quader, said that back when Fakhrul was his counterpart in BNP, Quader asked him about Ziaur Rahman's involvement in the assassination of Sheikh Mujibur Rahman, facilitating the assassins, and making the Indemnity Ordinance a recognised law. Quader claimed that Fakhrul, who had stated that Zia was innocent, was unable to answer his questions, even till that day when he became "his excellency, the president". AL's former foreign minister A. K. Abdul Momen however congratulated Fakhrul on his presidency. When asked on Deutsche Welle Bangla, Momen replied that it was a personal gesture rather than a stance of the party, and Fakhrul was his close friend and classmate. Answering further questions regarding Fakhrul's treatment as an opposition figure, Momen claimed that during his ministership he did tell the government to not prosecute politicians vehemently and Fakhrul was "a good guy", but was told that Fakhrul was an abettor and was shown evidences by agencies.
Islami Andolan Bangladesh: After Shahabuddin's resignation, the IAB, being the only non-aligned party in the parliament, called for a presidential election in line with the July Charter, and demanded the constitution to be amended swiftly in the next parliamentary session. On polling day, the party initially announced an election boycott. In a statement signed by party secretary Gazi Ataur Rahman, they cited their protest against BNP's backtracking from the reforms agreed upon in the July Charter as the reason and called the election "meaningless" and a "waste of people's money". However, IAB's sole MP Mahmudul Hossain Waliullah from Barguna-1 eventually cast his ballot in favor of Alamgir, inciting media speculation. Later, citing party sources, news media reported that the member voted following party Ameer Syed Rezaul Karim's directive, based on the assurances from the home minister Salahuddin Ahmed that next election would be carried out in accordance with Article 70 and other constitutional reforms.
Jatiya Party (Ershad): Factions of the former official opposition party congratulated Alamgir on his election separately. EC-recognised chairman G. M. Quader issued a statement on his own, while Anisul Islam Mahmud and Ruhul Amin Howlader— representing the National Democratic Front-leading faction— issued a separate joint statement. Mahmud and Howlader had also congratulated him earlier upon his nomination.
Boden Central Station (Swedish: Bodens centralstation) is a railway station located in Boden, Sweden, first opened in 1894. The station is a major junction station on the Main line through Upper Norrland, Iron Ore Line and Haparanda Line. The station is served by the Norrtåg regional train network, and night trains between Stockholm C and Narvik. Passenger service on the Haparanda Line, which was previously terminated in 1992, was re-instated in 2022. The station also includes a large freight yard.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 8 May 1958. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
The qualification period was from 27 January 2025 to 26 July 2026. Athletes qualified by the entry standard of 8300 points or more, by wildcard for the 2024 European Athletics Champion, or by their position on the World Athletics Rankings for the event. The target number was 25 athletes.
The qualification period was from 27 July 2025 to 26 July 2026. Athletes qualified by running the entry standard of 83.00 m or longer, or by their position on the World Athletics Rankings for the event. The target number was 30 athletes.
The qualification round was held on 13 August 2026, at 13:47 in the afternoon. All athletes meeting the Qualification Standard (Q) of 82.00 m or at least 12 best performers (q) advanced to the final.
The qualification period was from 27 January 2025 to 26 July 2026. Athletes qualified by the entry standard of 1:26:15 m or faster in half marathon race walk, by the entry standard of 1:21:00 in 20 km walk, or by their position on the World Athletics Rankings for the event. The target number was 35 athletes. Eventually 28 athletes qualified.
Močnik joined the Slovenian Armed Forces in 1998 as a scholarship holder as a graduate of the Faculty of Social Sciences at the University of Ljubljana. In 2000, he was promoted to second lieutenant, in 2001 he became deputy company commander of the 20th Motorized Battalion (today the 20th Light Infantry Battalion), and in 2007 his executive officer. In 2013, he became commander of the 20th Infantry Regiment, and in 2015, commander of the 72nd Brigade, and was promoted to colonel. His international operational experience includes deployments to Kosovo (Kosovo Force), Afghanistan (International Security Assistance Force) and Bosnia and Herzegovina (Operation Althea). In 2017, he served as Chief of the Multilateral Division, the Chief of the Capability Development Division a year later, and Chief of the Strategic Planning Section a year later. In 2020, he became commander of the 1st Brigade. In 2021, he was promoted to brigadier. He served as Force Commander in 2023. On 15 December 2025, he assumed the duties of Chief of the General Staff of the Slovenian Armed Forces upon the retirement of his predecessor, Robert Glavaš. Močnik was promoted to major general in January 2026.
Acianthus scopulus is a species of flowering plant in the orchid family Orchidaceae and is endemic to New South Wales, Australia. It is a glabrous, terrestrial herb with a single heart-shaped leaf and usually up to six translucent pinkish flowers with dark pink to reddish markings.
Acianthus scopulus is a glabrous, terrestrial, tuberous herb that grows in small colonies. It has a stalk 10–20 mm (0.39–0.79 in) tall and a single heart-shaped leaf 10–20 mm (0.39–0.79 in) long and 8–15 mm (0.31–0.59 in) wide. The leaf is dark green on the upper surface and purplish on the lower side. There are up to 6 translucent pink flowers 6–7 mm (0.24–0.28 in) long on a slender, pinkish raceme 50–90 mm (2.0–3.5 in) tall with an egg-shaped floral bracts about 3 mm (0.12 in) long and wide. The dorsal sepal is egg-shaped, 6–7 mm (0.24–0.28 in) long, 2–3 mm (0.079–0.118 in) wide and a hood over the column. The lateral sepals are 5.5–6.5 mm (0.22–0.26 in) long and 1 mm (0.039 in) wide, the petals egg-shaped and curved, 2.5–3.0 mm (0.098–0.118 in) long and about 1 mm (0.039 in) wide and translucent pinkish with a red stripe in the centre. The labellum is curved down, more or less wedge-shaped, 4.0–4.5 mm (0.16–0.18 in) long and 2–3 mm (0.079–0.118 in) wide, the callus appearing rough or wrinkled. Flowering occurs from May to June.
Acianthus scopulus was first formally described in 2019 by David L. Jones in Australian Orchid Review from specimens collected near Tathra in 1992. The specific epithet (scopulus) means "'crag, cliff edge or projecting rock', referring to its habitat on coastal headlands".
Scott Davis and Todd Martin were the defending champions, but Martin chose to focus only on the singles tournament, being eliminated in the second round. Davis teamed up with Jonathan Stark and lost in the second round to Jorge Lozano and Jim Pugh.
Roster: Kris Kelderman, Scott Kreitmeir, Giovanni Luna, Adam Pearson, Kevin Kusnick, Delroy Perrin, Jamie Eichmann, Bill Hambrook, Dan Stebbins, Dominic DaPra, Jon Szczepanski, Peter Schweinert, Rob Pearson, Nick Igel, Richard Cartledge, Marshall Morehead, Craig Posselt, Dean Beck, Jim Klopp, Matt Schmidt, Troy Troskey, Jon Coleman.
Roster: Gustavo Aragoasa, Ulises Gonzalez, Alejandro Valle, Andres Peralta, Serge Jeoseph, Alejandro Gorosito, Andres Polonsky, Pablo Gentile, Juan Yalet, Alejandro Romairone, Pablo Dos Santos, Julio Barrios, Sebastian Zurita.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 9 May 1957. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
Knowsley South F.C. were established in 1987. They joined Cheshire League Two for the 2019–20 season, and despite the season being curtailed (with 17 matches played out of 24 scheduled) due to the COVID-19 pandemic, they were promoted to Cheshire League One for the 2020–21 season. At the end of this, a second promotion to the Premier Division followed, and before competing in the 2021–22 season the club changed its name to A.F.C. Knowsley. After three seasons in the Premier Division, A.F.C. Knowsley transferred to Division One of the West Cheshire League, where they spent two seasons. They finished fourth out of sixteen in 2025–26, and their application to join the North West Counties League for the 2026–27 season was accepted.
A. N. Akram Hussain (born 1929; died unknown) was an Indian politician from the state of Assam who served as a Minister of State in the Keshab Chandra Gogoi ministry in 1982, and was Member of Assam Legislative Assembly (MLA) for Chaygaon.
Hussain was appointed Minister of State for Rural Development and Social Welfare under Keshab Chandra Gogoi in 1982. He won a by-election to become MLA for Chaygaon in 1968, and lost the 1972 election before being reelected in 1978.
Anoop Nayak is a British academic, and a professor in social and cultural geography at Newcastle University. He specialises in race, ethnicity and migration, masculinities and social change, and youth inequalities, structures and cultures.
Nayak studied at the Centre for Contemporary Cultural Studies (CCCS), University of Birmingham, and earned a PhD in human geography at Newcastle University about young people, race and whiteness.
Nayak was a lecturer in media and cultural studies at Liverpool John Moores University, and then a lecturer in human geography at Newcastle University before becoming a professor there.
Elections to Salford City Council were held on Thursday, 10 May 1956. One-third of the councillors seats were up for election, with each successful candidate to serve a three-year term of office. The Labour Party retained overall control of the council.
Anselmo Hevia Riquelme (15 May 1856 – 28 May 1925) was a Chilean lawyer, politician and diplomat who served as a member of the Chamber of Deputies of Chile, as Mayor of Talca, as Minister of Industry and Public Works under President Pedro Montt, and as Minister of the Interior under President Juan Luis Sanfuentes.
The 2026–27 Jordan FA Cup will be the 45th season of the national football competition of Jordan. The winners of the competition will earn a spot in the 2027–28 AFC Champions League Two group stages.
Four teams from the 2026 Jordanian Second Division League will compete for two spots in the second preliminary round, consisting of the four promoted teams from the 2025 Jordanian Third Division League.
24 teams, 12 from the 2026 Jordanian First Division League, 10 from the 2026 Jordanian Second Division League, and the two winners from the previous round, will compete to qualify for the third preliminary round.
The 2009 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 13 to August 19, 2009. Ten teams, four international teams and six from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship.
The 62nd Maharashtra State Film Awards, will be presented by the Government of Maharashtra, celebrated excellence in Marathi cinema by honoring the best films released in 2024.
The nominations were announced on 26 March 2026 by the Minister of Cultural Affairs, Ashish Shelar, who also revealed the winners in the technical and child artist categories. The date and venue of the award ceremony have not yet been announced.
On 29 July 2026, the special honours were announced. Salim Khan received the Raj Kapoor Award, Rani Mukerji was honored with the Raj Kapoor Special Contribution Award, Hridaynath Mangeshkar received the V. Shantaram Lifetime Achievement Award, and Prasad Oak was presented the V. Shantaram Special Contribution Award.
Ghani played for the Keamari Union Club at domestic level, helping them earn a runners-up position at the 1954 Rovers Cup, with Ghani reducing the margin in the final.
In 1952, Ghani was selected to play for the Pakistan national team, for their participation in the 1952 Asian Quadrangular Football Tournament. Where he made appearances against Burma and India. He also scored a hat-trick, and assisted a goal in a 11–1 victory for Pakistan against a Badulla XI.
The 2025 U-15 Asian Baseball Championship is the 12th edition of the U-15 Asian Baseball Championship, organised by Asia's governing baseball body, the WBSC Asia. The tournament is held in Tainan, Taiwan from 17 to 23 August 2025. The top three teams of the tournament will qualify for the 2026 U-15 Baseball World Cup.
The 2026 Vuelta a Burgos was a men's road cycling stage race that took place from 4 to 8 August 2026 in the Spanish province of Burgos. It was the 48th edition of the Vuelta a Burgos, and was rated as a 2.Pro event as part of the 2026 UCI ProSeries calendar.
Fourteen of the eighteen UCI WorldTeams were joined by eight UCI ProTeams and one UCI Continental team to make up the twenty-two teams that participated in the race.
The 2026 FedEx Cup Playoffs, the series of three golf tournaments that are determining the 2026 season champion on the U.S.-based PGA Tour, is being played from August 13–30. It includes the following three events:
The FedEx St. Jude Championship was played August 13–16; 70 players were eligible, and there was no second-round cut. Of the 70 eligible players, only Daniel Berger did not play. Scottie Scheffler won the tournament and Im Sung-jae played his way into the next event by finishing tied-5th and moving from 53rd to 40th in the rankings. Keith Mitchell was the only golfer to play his way out of the playoffs, falling from 49th to 51st with a tied-34th finish.
The 2025 Tarragona P1 (officially 2025 Premier Padel Cupra Costa Daurada Tarragona P1) was the fourteenth tournament of the fourth season organized by Premier Padel, the premier padel circuit, promoted by the International Padel Federation, and with the financial backing of Nasser Al-Khelaïfi's Qatar Sports Investments.
In the women's category, the top two pairs in the FIP rankings reached the final for the seventh time this season. In the title match, the world number 2 pair Delfina Brea and Gemma Triay defeated Ariana Sánchez and Paula Josemaría, claiming their sixth title of the season.
In the men's category, the two top ranked pairs faced each other in the finals for the third consecutive tournament. In the decisive match, Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello defeated Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto in straight sets, claiming their eighth title of the season.
Following the retirement announcements from Carolina Navarro (at the end of the season) and Alejandra Salazar (for 2026), Marta Marrero, a former world number one in 2016 (with Salazar) and 2019 (alongside Marta Ortega), announced on social media that the Tarragona P1 would be her final tournament. "Today, I close a very special chapter of my life: I am saying goodbye to professional padel. These have been years of hard work, learning, and people who left their mark on my journey," the former number one said in a video.
In addition to her two stints at the top of the rankings, "El Huracán" (The Hurricane) was one of the major stars of the World Padel Tour era, amassing 26 titles and reaching 52 finals. Marrero admitted the decision was difficult, but one of the reasons is that she is expecting her second child. She had returned to competition just over a year ago, in June 2024, following the birth of her daughter, Flavia, competing on the Premier Padel circuit and wrapping up her career alongside partners Aranza Osoro, Bárbara Las Heras, Ksenia Sharifova, Virginia Riera, and Lucía Martínez.
With Delfina Brea and Gemma Triay's victory over Ariana Sanchéz and Paula Josemaria, the Spaniard and the Argentine became the new world number ones. Although Gemma had previously held the top spot individually during the season, the finals victory saw the pair claim the number one ranking as a team for the first time, just before the summer break. They also extended their head-to-head record against Ariana and Paula to 6–1 in their favor.
With their victory at the Tarragona P1, Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello reached a total of 37 trophies won as a pair, surpassing Fernando Belasteguín and Pablo Lima and trailing only the duo of Belasteguín and Juan Martín Díaz.
Individually, Arturo Coello has climbed the podium of active players with the most titles, surpassing Juan Lebrón (40 trophies) to take third place with 41 tournament victories. Completing the list are Alejandro Galán with 49 titles (1st), Tapia with 48 (2nd), Sanyo Gutiérrez with 37 (5th), and Paquito Navarro with 26 (6th).
The 2026 Villanova Wildcats football team represent Villanova University as a member of the Patriot League during the 2026 NCAA Division I FCS football season. The Wildcats are led by tenth-year head coach Mark Ferrante and play their home games at Villanova Stadium located in Villanova, Pennsylvania.
This is the first season for Villanova in the Patriot League. The Wildcats became a football-only member of the Patriot League in 2026, leaving the Coastal Athletic Association after 19 seasons.
The 2026–27 Ole Miss Rebels men's basketball team will represent the University of Mississippi during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I men's basketball season. The Rebels, led by fourth-year head coach, Chris Beard, will play their home games at The Sandy and John Black Pavilion at Ole Miss in Oxford, Mississippi, and compete as members of the Southeastern Conference.
The 2026–27 Florida State Seminoles women's basketball team will represent Florida State University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Seminoles, led by sixth-year head coach Brooke Wyckoff, will play their home games at the Donald L. Tucker Civic Center in Tallahassee, Florida as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference (ACC).
On April 28, 2026, UConn forward Ice Brady was announced to have transferred to Florida State. However, it was also said that Brady would miss the entire 2026–27 season due to continued rehabilitation for a season-ending knee injury she suffered in November 2025, causing her to miss the rest of the Huskies' season after two games.
The Seminoles finished the 2025–26 season 10–21 overall and 5–13 in ACC play, to finish fourteenth in the conference. As the No. 14 seed in the ACC tournament, they lost in the first round to No. 11 Georgia Tech.
AB-300, short for Ariadne Bio-300, is a non-hallucinogenic serotonin 5-HT2A and 5-HT2C receptor agonist which is under development for potential medical use to treat non-motor symptoms of Parkinson's disease such as apathy and motivational deficits as well as late-life depression.
It has been found to reverse motivational deficits induced by the dopamine depleting agent tetrabenazine and hence to produce pro-motivational effects in rodents. These effects were more pronounced in rodents with the lowest baseline motivation and were comparable to those of the norepinephrine–dopamine reuptake inhibitor (NDRI) bupropion. Bupropion has psychostimulant-like effects in rodents, but not at typical clinical doses in humans.
AB-300 is under development by Ariadne Bio, a company of Negev Labs. Ariadne Bio is named after Ariadne (4C-D; BL-3912; Dimoxamine), a non-hallucinogenic serotonin 5-HT2A receptor agonist which was developed by Alexander Shulgin and Bristol Laboratories, produced indirect dopaminergic and pro-motivational effects in animals analogously to AB-300, and reached phase 3 clinical trials for various medical uses in the 1970s, but was ultimately never marketed due to cited strategic economic reasons. A phase 1b trial of AB-300 is initiating in the third quarter of 2026. The exact chemical structure of AB-300 does not yet appear to have been disclosed, but it is said to have been patented.
The 2026–27 Clemson Tigers women's basketball team will represent Clemson University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Tigers will be led by third-year head coach Shawn Poppie, and will play their home games at Littlejohn Coliseum in Clemson, South Carolina as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Tigers finished the 2025–26 season 21–12 overall and 11–7 in ACC play, to finish in a tie for eighth in the conference with Virginia. Their 21 wins was the most since 2018–19, when the team finished 20–13. As the No. 9 seed in the ACC tournament, they earned a bye to the second round where they defeated No. 8 Virginia. They were unable to advance further as they fell to top-seeded and reigning ACC champions Duke in the quarterfinals. Earlier in the season, the Tigers handed Duke their first ACC loss in February when they won 53–51 at home, ending their 17–game win streak.
Following their tournament elimination, the Tigers earned an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament, earning their first appearance since 2019. They were seeded No. 8 in the Sacramento #4 Regional, where they fell in overtime 67–71 to No. 9 USC. Clemson had nearly won the game off of a game-winning three-pointer from guard Mia Moore, which was later waived off following an official review.
On Thursday 14 November 1935, the 1935 United Kingdom general election was held in Wales, to elect all 615 members of the House of Commons, with 36 constituencies being in Wales. 35 seats represented territorial constituencies contested under the first past the post electoral system, and one additional seat represented the University of Wales which was also contested under the first past the post electoral system.
Although the National Government retained its position as the Government of the United Kingdom following the election, Labour increased its seat count primarily at the expense of the Liberal Party in Wales.
The Labour Party gained Wrexham and Carmarthen from the Liberal Party. The party also retained Merthyr which it had won from the Independent Labour Party in the 1934 Merthyr by-election after the death of R. C. Wallhead. Before his death, however, Wallhead resigned from the Independent Labour Party and rejoined the Labour in 1933. Due to the retention of the seat, it represented a gain for Labour from the Independent Labour Party. This was the first general election in the United Kingdom since 1985 in which the Independent Labour Party stood candidates separately from the Labour Party itself. The Independent Labour Party disaffiliated itself from Labour in 1932, however, its candidate Claude Stanfield running in Merthyr was unsuccessful.
The Conservative Party, the largest party in the National Government, gained the seat of Flintshire from the Liberal National Party. This was due to the Liberal Nationals not standing a candidate in the seat. The sitting Member of Parliament Frederick Llewellyn-Jones, who had been elected as part of the Liberal National Party but then subsequently defected to the Liberal Party in 1932, stood down from the election. The Liberal Nationals otherwise retained its seats in Denbigh, Montgomeryshire and Swansea West, but had a reduce vote share. Clement Davies in Montgomeryshire once again ran unopposed. Additionally, the only National Labour Member of Parliament in Wales Ernest Bennett retained Cardiff Central with a reduced vote share.
The Conservatives did not stand in the seat of Brecon and Radnorshire, leaving National candidate Ivor Guest under the National Government coalition to win the seat. Another National candidate, who ran in Gower, was unsuccessful. The gain in Brecon and Radnorshire represented a loss in terms of seats from the Conservatives compared to the previous election. Overall, there was no change seat count for the Conservative Party or the National Government coalition in Wales as a whole.
The four Independent Liberals, led by former Prime Minister David Lloyd George, stood and retained their constituencies in Wales. These were Caernarvon Boroughs, Anglesey, Pembrokeshire and Caernarvonshire. The four candidates in the group did not stand as Liberal Party candidates, despite the Liberal Party having fully left the National Government in 1933, where the Liberal Party's decision under Herbert Samuel to be a member of the coalition had been the reason for the creation of the group in 1931. However, the Independent Liberals would go onto rejoin the Liberal Party the month following the election, and participated in the election of Archibald Sinclair as the new Leader of the Liberal Party following Samuel losing his seat in this election.
As the Liberal Party itself retained its seat in the University of Wales constituency but lost its seats in Carmarthen and Wrexham, the party was left with only three seats in Wales, and therefore had fewer than Lloyd George's group.
Below is a table summarising the 1935 constituency results for seat of the University of Wales constituency. The Liberal Party retained the seat, bringing the total seats of the Liberal Party to three out of the possible 36.
The 2026–27 California Golden Bears women's basketball team will represent the University of California, Berkeley during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Golden Bears will be led by eighth-year head coach Charmin Smith, and will play their home games at Haas Pavilion in Berkeley, California as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Golden Bears finished the 2025–26 season 21–15 overall and 9–9 in ACC play, to finish in tenth in the conference. As the No. 10 seed in the ACC tournament, they defeated No. 15 Wake Forest in the first round before falling in the second round to No. 7 Syracuse.
Following their tournament loss, the Golden Bears earned an at-large bid to the WBIT, their second appearance in program history and their first since the inaugural tournament in 2024. They were seeded No. 3 in the North Dakota State Bracket, where they defeated Santa Clara 72–68 and No. 2 Kansas State 83–75 in the first and second rounds respectively. They fell to eventual tournament winners, No. 4 Columbia, 68–74 in the quarterfinals.
The 2027 GT World Challenge Asia Powered by AWS will be the eighteenth season of the GT World Challenge Asia, an auto racing series for grand tourer cars in Asia, co-promoted by the SRO Motorsports Group and Team Asia One GT Management. The races will contested with GT3-spec cars. The season will begin on 4 April at the Sepang International Circuit in Malaysia and is scheduled to end on 1 November in the Shanghai International Circuit in China.
The regiment was formed by dividing the old Trondheim Infantry Regiment into three separate units, the 1st, 2nd, and 3rd Trondheim Infantry Regiments. The companies of the 1st Trondheim Infantry Regiment were garrisoned in Innherred and Nærøy. After another division in 1789, the 3rd Trondheim Regiment was disbanded, and its companies in Melhus, Selbu and Fosen were transferred to the 1st Trondheim Regiment.
During the Finnish War, the regiment participated in the Jämtland campaigns. particularly during the campaign of 1809, where troops within the regiment were sent into the Jämtland area.
According to the army plan of 1810, the army had nine infantry regiments. These included three enlisted infantry regiments, each typically containing 800 enlisted and 1,200 "national" (discharged) privates, as well as six national infantry regiments, each typically containing 200 enlisted and 1,800 national privates. The national infantry regiments included the two Trondheim regiments, as well as the Akershus Sharpshooter Regiment, Bergenhus Infantry Regiment, Tellermark Infantry Regiment, and Vesterlenske Infantry Regiment. Generally, at least half of the troops in the army were furloughed, and the full strength of the regiment was only assembled during yearly exercises. Accordingly, the 1st Trondheim Regiment in 1789 had two grenadier companies and three "national" battalions, the latter composed of discharged privates.
The regiment participated during the Dano-Swedish War, particularly in combat actions in Trøndelag, as well as in skirmishes around the area south of the Glomma river.
During the preparations for the Norwegian Constituent Assembly in Eidsvoll in 1814, the regiment, like other military units, appointed two of its military personnel to represent them in the Constituent Assembly, being Captain Georg Ulrik Wasmuth and Sergeant Daniel Larsen Schevig.
Following the Army Regulations of 1818, which was adopted on 3 July 1817, the regiment was disbanded at the end of 1817. Due to its focus on companies in Nord-Trøndelag and exercise activities in Steinkjersannan, the regiment's successor is perceived to be the Nord-Trøndelag Infantry Regiment No. 13, as well as the Nord-Trøndelag Infantry Regiment.
Edjop is an upcoming Philippine biographical political drama film directed by Katski Flores and co-written by Jade Francis Castro. Starring Elijah Canlas in the title role, the film is based on the life of Edgar Jopson, a young man from an affluent family who became an underground activist who confronted President Ferdinand Marcos and his regime of terror. It also stars Jodi Sta. Maria, Kakie Pangilinan in her cinematic debut, Cedrick Juan, and Menchu Lauchengco-Yulo.
A co-production of Open Water Productions and Mad Goats, in association with Narra Post-Production Studios, and distributed by Warner Bros. Pictures, the film is scheduled for theatrical release on 16 September 2026.
Edgar Jopson is an Ateneo-educated son of a grocer who lived a life of affluence. However, he abandoned this kind of life when he became an underground activist of the Communist Party of the Philippines.
Filmmaker Katski Flores made the decision to develop Edgar Jopson's life story into a film in 2021 after triathlete Joyette Jopson, a classmate and Edgar's daughter, approached her at their high school reunion. Later on, the latter accepted Flores' request to begin the project from the first base. Before Flores accepted the project, no director had ever agreed to direct the film while a sequence treatment was already developed.
Cinematographer Neil Daza immediately joined the project, citing that he shared the activist's upbringing. Besides Daza, Jade Castro joined as co-writer while Maki Sarmiento and Erik Manalo were respectively assigned as line producer and production designer.
Elijah Canlas was initially offered by the production team to play young Edjop until the production team, including producer Joyette Jopson, decided to cast him also as older Edjop, citing the successful result from a screen test in November 2023. In 2025, Kakie Pangilinan, who was in the country at the time of filming, joined the cast as Gloria Maria "Joy" Asuncion, Edjop's wife.
The 2017 Lamborghini Super Trofeo Asia was the sixth season of the Lamborghini Super Trofeo Asia. The season began on April 7 at Sepang International Circuit, and ended on November 17 with the World Final at the Imola Circuit. The series served as part of the support package to the Blancpain GT Series Asia.
The Pro class championship was dominated by Kei Cozzolino and Afiq Yazid who secured pole position in every event, as well as winning ten out of the twelve races, and secured the championship in the penultimate round in Shanghai. Similar domination occurred across the other categories with Rik Breukers and Nigel Farmer securing the Pro-Am class, Andrew Haryanto winning the Am championship with a round to spare and Supachai Weeraborwornpong winning the Lamborghini Cup.
1999 Water Supply Blackmail Plot was a blackmail and terrorist plot in the United Kingdom in 1999 from June and July of that year. The perpetrators threatened to contaminate the public water infrastructure in England unless the British government withdrawals from Northern Ireland and were part of the self-described group called the republican revenge group.
The blackmail plot happened during a period of uncertainty surrounding the northern Ireland peace process. The Good Friday agreement had just been sign in Apirl 1998, however, some republican activists oppose the Good Friday agreement because of the continued presence of the British government in Northern Ireland.
In June of 1999 letters that had the threats were delivered to Papal Nuncio, the British ambassador to Ireland Sir Ivor Roberts and Ofwat in Birmingham and the letter that was given to Robert’s was to be sent to prime Minister Blair.
The letters said that an improvised chemical weapon would be attached to fire hydrants in England and forcing a weedkiller called New Pathclear into the water supply. The letters demanded that British forces leave northern Ireland by June 16 and to take the threat seriously.
The authorities decided to take the threat seriously and the British government said that a real threat was found they would inform the public, meanwhile in Dublin the gardai and the British police cooperated to find a suspect in the case and they arrested a ex-soldier from Scotland living in Dublin named Adam Busby was arrested.
The suspect an ex-soldier from the Argyll and Sutherland Highlanders named Adam Busby who was 50 at the time of his arrest in Scotland, Busby was also a prominent figure in Scottish nationalism and is suspected he founded the Scottish Nationalist Front. He arrived in Dublin 10 years before the blackmail plot and claimed he was fleeing from harassment by British security services because he was a suspect in minor bombings in Scotland associated with the Scottish nationalist front.
David Veness a Scottish yard assistant commissioner for specialist operations said that the plot could not be effectively enacted but nevertheless it was a threat of mass murder.
Abbas I was the last king of the Tashir-Dzoraget kingdom from 1089 to 1113. He ruled alongside his brother David II after his father's death.
He came from the Kyuriyan dynasty. The youngest son of king Kiurike II of Lori. After the latter's death in 1089, he divided the Tashir-Dzoraget kingdom with his older brother David II. Together with the latter, he tried to organize a defense against the Seljuks of Sultan Muhammad I.
In 1111-1113, he suffered a series of heavy defeats, as a result of which he lost almost his entire share of the kingdom. He moved his residence to the Tavush fortress, where the Tavush principality arose.
He established active cooperation with the Church of Caucasian Albania, supporting it in every way and at the same time promoting its Armenization. It is known that in 1139, Abbas I participated in the election of the Albanian Catholicos Gregory I. In 1145, he was defeated by the Eldiguzids, moving to his brother David II of Lori in Matsnaberd. His further fate is unknown.
The 2026 Women's Pro Baseball League season began on August 1 with the inaugural fixture in league history where the New York Heights hosted the Los Angeles Queens. The regular season is scheduled to end on September 6. The postseason will begin on September 9. The WPBL Championship Series will begin on September 16 and will end with Game 5 (if necessary) on September 22.
The Women's Pro Baseball League released its 2026 schedule on April 30, 2026. Each team will play 15 regular season games. Each team is scheduled to play five games against every other team. From Saturday, August 1 through Sunday, September 6, with the exception of all Mondays and Tuesdays, one game will be played at 6:30 PM CDT, though three Saturdays (August 8, 15, and 27) will feature two games at 1:00 PM and 6:30 PM CDT. The Semi-Final round will begin on September 9 and conclude, at the latest, on September 14. The WPBL Championship Series will begin on September 16.
Along with team identities, all team uniforms were revealed on July 8, 2026. Each team revealed a home, away, and an alternate uniform inspired by their team namesakes.
On July 30, ESPN announced that they secured media rights for all regular season and postseason games in the United States and U.S. territories, while Scripps Sports Network announced they will play 11 games on their network.
Borealodon is a genus of extinct baleen whale known from the Oligocene of Washington State, USA. First described in 2019, the genus currently contains only the type species: B. osedax. The bones of the holotype specimen were first described not for their own sake, but for the preserved feeding traces of bone-eating worms (Osedax) found on them. This feature is also where the specific epithet was sourced from, directly referencing the worms. The genus name means "tooth of the north", from Boreal-, meaning "of or relating to the Northern Hemisphere or the north", and the Latin -odon, meaning "tooth".
Borealodon is a member of the extinct baleen whale family Aetiocetidae. These form an early offshoot of the group, and arose during the Oligocene period. Unlike later mysticetes, these animals did not possess baleen plates, instead having toothed jaws. Within this group, Borealodon generally places alongside the slightly younger Salishicetus, also found in Washington State.
Cyprus officially adopted the euro on January 1, 2008, becoming the 14th member of the euro area. When Cyprus joined the European Union in 2004 it committed to join the eurozone and replace its currency, the Cypriot pound, with the euro. The government of Cyprus replacing the Cypriot pound at an irrevocable fixed rate of 0.585274 pounds per one euro. This change came less than four years after Cyprus joined the European Union in 2004, making it part of the eurozone.
When it joined the EU in 2004, Cyprus committed to switching its currency, the Cypriot pound, to the euro, as stated in the 2003 EU accession treaty. The transition would occur once the country meets all the euro convergence criteria. The European Central Bank (ECB) and the European Commission prepared their respective Convergence Reports in 2007 and based on the result of that report in May 2007 the European Commission concluded that Cyprus had fulfilled the necessary conditions for the adoption of the single currency. Therefore, The European Commission confirmed Cyprus met all convergence criteria. In July 2007 the EU Council adopted a decision allowing Cyprus to adopt the euro as its currency from 1 January 2008. The government of Cyprus chose a 'big bang' scenario, with cash entering use on the same day that the euro officially became the country’s new currency (1 January 2008), and a dual circulation period running until 31 January 2008 during which payments could be made using both Cyprus pound notes and coins as well as the euro. The exchange of former Cypriot national currency was allowed at commercial banks until the end of June 2008, with a limit of 1,000 Cypriot pounds for banknotes and 50 Cypriot pounds for coins per transaction. Also, at the Central Bank of Cyprus until 31 December 2009 for Cyprus pound coins, and until 31 December 2017 for Cyprus pound banknotes.
The women's hammer throw at the 2026 European Athletics Championships took place over two rounds at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 10 and 12 August 2026.
For the women's hammer throw, the qualification period was from 27 July 2025 to 26 July 2026. Athletes qualified by achieving the entry standard of 71.50 m or better, by wildcard for the 2024 European Athletics Champion, or by their position on the World Athletics Rankings for the event. The target number was 30 athletes.
The qualification round was held on 10 August 2026, at 19:13 in the evening. All athletes meeting the Qualification Standard (Q) of 71.50 m or at least 12 best performers (q) advanced to the final.
In 1914, the 7th Cavalry Division was mobilized in France and transported to the frontlines. From August, it fought in the Battle of the Ardennes before retreating toward the Argonne in Vavincourt. On 25 August, General Gillain was removed from command because the division had been exhausted by repeated marches and had failed to adequately support the infantry. In September, the division fought in the First Battle of the Marne and the Battle of Verdun, including fighting around Étain, Spincourt, and Doncourt-aux-Templiers. Later that month, it fought at Flirey and defended the Hauts-de-Meuse. In October, the division was moved north and fought in the First Battle of Artois and it participated in the Battle of the Yser and the First Battle of Ypres.
In 1915, the unit moved south from February 6 to May 8, resting in Auxi-le-Château and Saint-Pol regions. From May 8 to August 30, they moved toward Avesnes-le-Comte, standing ready to pursue interventions during the May 9 and June 16 offensives of the Second Battle of Artois, before returning to Auxi-le-Château with elements deployed toward Neuville-Saint-Vaast and the Calonne trench. Between August 30 and September 11, they moved to Conty for rest. From September 11 to October 18, they were transported by rail (VF) to the Sézanne region, moving toward Suippes starting September 20, where they prepared to support the pursuit in the Second Battle of Champagne while dismounted elements engaged near Souain. From October 18 to October 26, they moved to Champaubert to rest, and from October 26, 1915, to July 8, 1916, they moved to the front line to occupy a sector between the Marquises farm and northeast Prosnes, which was slightly reduced on the right side from May 5 to May 23.
From July 8 to November 17, 1916, the unit was transported by rail (VF) to the Breteuil region, undergoing training at the Crèvecœur camp, followed by training near Auneuil (August 15 to September 5), Saint-Just-en-Chaussée (September 5 to 29), and again near Auneuil (September 29 to November 16), with elements stationed in the sector toward Tracy-le-Val and Lihons; then, from November 17, 1916, to January 15, 1917, they moved toward Château-Thierry, occupying a sector between the east of Soissons and Pernant starting December 2.
In 1917, after withdrawing from the front between January 15 and March 9, the unit moved toward Provins for rest and training, followed by training at the Mailly camp from March 9 to April 8. From April 8 to 18, it moved to Fismes and was held in readiness to intervene for the pursuit during the Second Battle of the Aisne without being committed as a whole, though dismounted elements were engaged near the Cavaliers de Courcy from April 12 to May 5. Between April 18 and May 27, the unit moved south to rest near Anglure and Fère-Champenoise, with elements holding a sector in the Reims region starting May 5. From May 27 to June 21, it moved back to the front to occupy a sector near the Marquises farm and the eastern approaches to Reims alongside elements of the 2nd and 4th Cavalry Divisions. Finally, after withdrawing from the front between June 21 and July 23 to rest near Anglure and Fère-Champenoise.
The 1994 Auburn Tigers baseball team represented Auburn University in the 1994 NCAA Division I baseball season. The Tigers played their home games at Plainsman Park. They were led by head coach Hal Baird, in his tenth season as head coach of the program.
The 2010 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 12 to August 18, 2010. Nine teams, three international teams and six from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship.
The women's discus throw at the 2026 European Athletics Championships took place over two rounds at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 12 and 14 August 2026.
For the women's discus throw, the qualification period was from 27 July 2025 to 26 July 2026. Athletes qualified by achieving the entry standard of 61.00 m or better, by wildcard for the 2024 European Athletics Champion (not used since Sandra Elkasević elected not to participate), or by their position on the World Athletics Rankings for the event. The target number was 30 athletes.
The qualification round was held on 12 August 2026, at 10:37 in the morning. All athletes meeting the Qualification Standard (Q) of 62.50 m or at least 12 best performers (q) advanced to the final.
The men's discus throw at the 2026 European Athletics Championships took place over two rounds at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 11 and 13 August 2026.
For the men's discus throw, the qualification period was from 27 July 2025 to 26 July 2026. Athletes qualified by achieving the entry standard of 65.60 m or better, by wildcard for the 2024 European Athletics Champion, or by their position on the World Athletics Rankings for the event. The target number was 30 athletes.
The qualification round was held on 11 August 2026, at 10:35 in the morning. All athletes meeting the Qualification Standard (Q) of 66.00 m or at least 12 best performers (q) advanced to the final.
Baron Arvid Forbus was a Swedish general of Scottish descent, he was born in Porvoo in 1598, and died May 29, 1665, in Stettin. Arvid was a member of Clan Forbes.
Forbus was born in Porvoo, in Swedish Finland, he was the son of Ernald Forbus and Karin Mattsdotter Björnram. His father had immigrated from Scotland to Finland. He would begin his military service as a lieutenant in the Nyland Regiment and later became a captain in the Pori Regiment in 1630. He served at the Siege of Wolgast in 1630, under the command of Dodo zu Knyphausen.
Forbus was promoted to Lieutenant Colonel in 1631 and later commanded a recruited regiment. Forbus's regiment would serve under Bernard of Saxe-Weimar at the Battle of Nördlingen. Following the battle he was given command of a regiment stationed at Sachsenhausen, a suburb of Frankfurt am Main.
In 1635, Forbus joined Bernard's Weimaran Army, there he distinguished himself at the Battles of Rheinfelden and Breisach. Following Bernard's death in July 1638, Forbus returned to Sweden.
In 1641, Forbus became commandant of Western Pomeranian, in 1646 he promoted to Major General, and in 1648 Pomeranian Deputy Commander. In 1650, he was appointed to the Council of War and in 1653 to the National Council. During Karl X Gustav's Danish War, he organized Southern Sweden's military service, and in 1658 he was appointed General.
During the Second Danish War, he accompanied the King and he was briefly a commander of in Skåneland. On May 29, 1665, Forbus died in Stettin, he was aged about either 66–67.
In Finland, he owned the Kokemäki Estate, of which he was granted the title of Baron in 1652, and the Jackarby manor in Porvoo. He also received the entire Artjärvi parish as a fiefdom. After his military career, he acquired land in Blasieholmen, Stockholm, where he built a mansion.
The 1811 Organic Regulations, formally the Regulation Establishing the Attributions, Prerogatives and Duties of the Legislative, Executive and Judicial Powers, were a provisional constitution and the supreme law drafted by the Junta Conservadora, providing the legal framework for the separation of powers in the Provinces of the River Plate. The Junta Conservadora submitted the Organic Regulations to the First Triumvirate, but the latter rejected it and began drafting its own statute, which would later become known as the 1811 Provisional Statute. Because of this, the 1811 Organic Regulations were never implemented. The Triumvirate dissolved the Junta Conservadora after rejecting the document.
After the abduction of King Ferdinand VII of Spain by Emperor Napoleon I of France, the Spanish people led uprisings against the French forces and began creating juntas (boards or councils) to govern themselves, in the name of their captive monarch. These movements were influenced by Enlightenment and liberal ideas, such as popular sovereignty and democracy. The Junta of Seville became the most important one, and even managed to appoint a viceroy for the Viceroyalty of the River Plate, a Spanish territory in the Americas. However, it ceased to exist after a major Spanish defeat. It was replaced by a new organisation, the Council of Regency of Spain and the Indies, which was significantly more conservative.
The idea of self-government through the creation of juntas—in the absence of the King—became popular in Spanish America, with many creoles (descendants of Spanish born in the Americas) wanting to replace the viceregnal administrations with juntas. They supported their position with the principle of retroversion of sovereignty to the people, which held that, although the people—in this case, the Spanish Americans—had willingly ceded their sovereignty to the King, now that he was absent, sovereignty reverted to them so that they could choose how to govern themselves temporarily. In the River Plate, this argument was further reinforced by the fact that the Viceroy had been appointed not by the King, but by a provisional junta that had been already dissolved.
On 24–25 May 1810, the May Revolution in the River Plate dismissed the Viceroy and replaced him with a government junta. It was composed exclusively of people from Buenos Aires—as the Revolution had taken place there—, so a circular requesting the rest of the cities to choose deputies was quickly sent. In the meantime, the Junta began governing nonetheless. It refused to recognise the authority of the Council of Regency and therefore engaged into a military conflict with the Spanish jurisdictions that did recognise it, such as the Viceroyalty of Peru and Montevideo. During this period, the Junta's measures were primarily influenced by Secretary Mariano Moreno and were considered radical.
On 18 December 1810, the deputies from the provinces arrived in Buenos Aires and joined the government, forming the Junta Grande (Big Junta). Morenism lost its majority and became a minor political force, while a moderate political agenda led by Cornelio Saavedra prevailed. Nevertheless, the Junta had to face significant military defeats—such as the Paraguay and the First Upper Peru campaigns—as well as the enormous economic cost of the war. Against this backdrop, the Cabildo of Buenos Aires urged the Junta to transfer the executive power to a smaller body, which it did. On 23 September 1811, the Junta Conservadora organised the First Triumvirate and granted it executive power, while remaining in charge of the legislative branch of the State. In the same decree, the Junta promised to draft a law in order to clearly distinguish between the powers of each branch of government. That law became known as the Organic Regulations of 1811. Although the Junta Conservadora was not as radical as the Primera Junta, the Regulations were clearly influenced by the ideologies of the Revolution.
Firstly, the preamble justified the existence of the provisional governments. It stated that, although the Nation had ceded to the kings the power to govern it, in the event of a permanent absence or even a temporary absence, that power could revert to the Nation, allowing the people to reassume sovereignty and govern themselves, as happened after the abduction of Ferdinand VII. It continued by exemplefying that, just as no one doubts about someone having the right to defend himself in a dangerous situation when there is no magistrate capable of helping him, no one should question the right of a people to govern themselves in the absence of their legitimate sovereign. It also affirmed that, since the State was a moral person that came into existence through the association of individuals seeking to protect their security, it needed, in its situation of orphanhood (absence of the King), a public authority capable of ensuring that everyone complied with his duties towards the association.
The second half of the preamble justified the transfer of the executive functions from the Junta to the Triumvirate, and explained the reason behind the drafting of the Regulations. It addressed the fact that, according to the doctrine upheld by the Junta, any authority of the provinces of the River Plate needed to be recognised by the cities in order to be legitimate. It stated, therefore, that those cities had understood the necessity of the measure and had ratified the existence of the new government by sending the requested deputies, thereby claiming their respective role in the government. It further maintained that the Nation had both the right to establish its own government and the right to defend it, and consequently, the right to do whatever was necessary for its preservation. Avoiding anything that could bring about its ruin was, therefore, one of its fundamental duties. In that sense, the Junta stated in the preamble that the large number of deputies hindered unity of purpose and slowed the government, thereby endangering its existence, and that these were problems that needed to be solved without depriving the cities their right to exercise their sovereignty.
According to the preamble, the Junta considered that the best way to solve those problems, without denying the cities their right to exercise their sovereignty, was to draft these Regulations on the basis of the separation of powers—the document left the deputies with the responsibility of exercising the Legislative Power. It acknowledged that, in the absence of a National Congress, the Junta could not exercise a perfect representation of the sovereignty of the cities, but that did not mean that its representation was ilegitimate, nor had itbeen before the separation of powers, because the provisional government responded to the urgent circumstance through which the State was passing. To illustrate its point, the preamble used an example similar to previous one, namely that of a magistrate incapable of helping a citizen in immediate need of assistance. The preamble stated that the separation of powers provided by the Regulations was convinient for the common good, as it preserved the will of the cities by maintaining their deputies in the Legislative Power, and "placed a barrier against arbitrariness", by limiting the Executive Power. Finally, it provided that the Regulations would last until the Congress—when opened—passed a new resolution, or until the provinces modified the Regulations if deemed necessary.
The first section was dedicated to the Legislative Power, namely the Junta itself. It provided that the deputies from the provinces who were already in the city of Buenos Aires—since they were part of the Junta Grande—were to constitute the Junta for the Preservation of the Sovereignty of Lord Don Ferdinand VII and the National Laws, insofar as the latter do not conflict with the supreme right to the civil liberty of the American peoples, commonly referred to as the Junta Conservadora. It further provided that deputies from provinces arriving later in Buenos Aires were also to be incorporated into the Junta, and that the Junta would have a president whose office would rotate monthly among its members according to the order of their appointments.
Moreover, the section classified the declaration of war, the truce, the treaties of boundaries and commerce, the imposition of taxes, the creation of tribunals or new offices, and the appointment of members of the Executive Power in the event of death or resignation as matters falling within the jurisdiction of the Junta. It stated that the proper form of address for the Junta as an institution was "Your Highness", that it would held meetings on Tuesdays and Fridays at the Fort of Buenos Aires, and that it was to attend and preside over the public celebrations of Saint Ferdinand's Day, the Reconquest, the Defence, the 25 May, etc. Finally, the section provided that the deputies could only be tried by internal commissions of the Junta, and that Junta itself would cease to exist once a General Congress had opened.
The second section emphasised the independence of the Triumvirate (Executive Power) and stated that it was composed of the individuals named in the decree creating it (Feliciano Chiclana, Manuel de Sarratea and Juan José de Paso). It provided that its objectves were the organisation of the armies, the maintenance of public order, the preservation of civil liberty, the raising and expenditure of public funds, the enforcement of the laws, and the protection of the life and property. Furthermore, the section stated that the Executive Power was to appoint all military and civilian officers of the branches of the public administration, abolish unnecessary offices, and carry the reforms conducive to the common good and compatible with the existing system of administration.
It further provided that the Executive Power was to adopt the necessary measures for the assembly of the deputies, the election of those still outstanding, and the holding of the Congress as soon as possible, to the extent permitted by the prevailing circumstances; the Junta Conservadora was to assist in those duties. The section also stipulated that the appointment of the secretaries and the review of their public conduct fell within the jurisdiction of the Executive Power, and that their wages should be reduced to 2000 pesos. It prohibited relatives of members of the Executive Power within the third degree of consanguinity or affinity from being appointed secretaries or holding public office without the prior consultation and approval of the Junta.
The second section also prescribed the independence of the Judicial Power by prohibiting the Executive Power from intervening in judicial matters, assuming jurisdiction over pending or finally adjudicated cases, reopening proceedings, altering the administration of justice, or hearing causes involving superior or inferior magistrates, subordinate judges, or other public officials, as jurisdiction over such matters was reserved to the Royal Audiencia of Buenos Aires or to a commission appointed by the Junta Conservadora. It also provided that, notwithstanding the separation of powers, the Executive Power had jurisdiction over cases of smuggling and all cases concerning the recovery of sums ower under customs duties or other regulations. All other cases were to be referred to the Royal Audiencia, and judgements against the Treasury were not to be enforced without prior consultation with the Executive Power, which could suspend payment if it was incompatible other purposes considered more urgent and conducive to the common good.
The section further provided that the Executive Power could not detain an individual for more than forty-eight hours, within which period the detainee had to be brought before the competent judge together with the record of the proceedings. Any violation of this provision was to be regarded as an attack on the liberty of the citizen, and anyone could, in such a case, submit a complaint to the Junta Conservadora. The Executive Power was to appoint a judicial commission of three citizens of probity and enlightenment to hear each segunda suplicación (final appeal), which had previously been heard by the Council of the Indies. The form of address of the Executive Power was to be Excelencia ("Excellency") and it was to enjoy the same military honours previously accorded to the Primera Junta and the Junta Grande had. The presidency of the Executive Power (Triumvirate) was to rotate among its members every four months according to the order of their appointments. Finally, the second section provided that the authority of the Executive Power was provisional and would last for one year, and that it was accountable to the Junta Conservadora.
The third section of the Regulations emphasised the independence of the Judicial Power and its sole purpose of judging the citizens, and provided that it had to operate within the framework of the already existing laws. The section also stated that the Judicial Power was responsible for any attempt, whether in substance or in form, against the liberty and security of the subjects. Finally, it provided that the Regulations were to remain in force until the Congress drafted its own distinction among the branches of the government, and the Junta reserved the right to explain the doubts regarding the effective application of the articles.
Amina Galimovna Davletshina (Russian: Амина Галимовна Давлетшина; 15 December 1915 – 8 September 1995) was a Soviet and Uzbek entomologist. She is regarded as one of the foundational figures in Central Asian study of aphids (aphidology). She conducted extensive research on Central Asian agricultural entomology, biological control agents and faunistics. Davletshina authored over 110 scientific publications and several major regional monographs, including Aphids of the Genus Aphis L. of the Fauna of Uzbekistan (1964) and Entomofauna of the South-West Kyzylkum (1979). She was a co-author of Insects of Uzbekistan (1993), the first comprehensive reference book on the entomofauna of Uzbekistan, and The World of Insects of Uzbekistan (1997), the first popular science book on the insects of Uzbekistan.
Davletshina's scientific career spanned for 50 years at the Institute of Zoology and Parasitology of the Academy of Sciences of Uzbekistan (1944-1994). Her academic credentials included a Candidate of Sciences (1949) and a title of Senior Researcher.
Amina Davletshina was born on 15 December 1915 in Orenburg, Russian Empire (now Russia), into a prominent Bashkir noble family. Her father, Gabdulgalim Davletshin, was an Islamic scholar, imam-khatib, and the first mudarris (director) of the prestigious Husainiya Madrasa in Orenburg, where he also taught geography, history, and Arabic. Founded in 1889 by the wealthy Tatar merchant philanthropists Ahmed and Mahmud Khusainov, Husainiya was one of the most progressive and well-endowed Islamic educational institutions in the Russian Empire, offering a curriculum that combined traditional theology with European natural sciences, mathematics, and languages.
Davletshina grew up in an affluent household with private tutors, tailors, and a family physician. She completed her early primary education at a Tatar school before transferring to a Russian school. She grew up multilingual, speaking Bashkir, Tatar, and Russian, and later acquired fluency in Uzbek after moving to Central Asia.
Following the October Revolution and the rise of Soviet rule in the 1920s, her family was targeted as members of the Muslim clergy and nobility. Their property and savings were confiscated, forcing the family to flee Orenburg for the Fergana Valley in Uzbekistan, settling first in Fergana and later in Andijan, where Davletshina took her first job at the postal service. The family eventually relocated to Tashkent.
In 1935, Davletshina married, but in 1936, her husband—a surgeon—was arrested on charges of counter-revolutionary activity during the Stalinist purges and sentenced to the Gulag.
In 1936, Davletshina enrolled in the Faculty of Biology at the Tashkent Pedagogical Institute (now the Nizami National Pedagogical University of Uzbekistan), graduating from the Department of Zoology in 1940. Following her graduation, she remained at the institute as a researcher in the Department of Animal Physiology.
In 1944, she joined the Institute of Botany and Zoology of the Academy of Sciences of the Uzbek SSR as a postgraduate student under the supervision of the prominent entomologist Professor Vladimir Yakhontov. She completed her Candidate of Sciences degree (PhD equivalent) in 1949 with a dissertation focused on the insect communities of the archa (Juniperus) zone of the Turkestan Range.
Davletshina spent five decades at the Institute of Zoology and Parasitology of the Academy of Sciences of Uzbekistan (1944–1994), serving for most of her career as a Senior Researcher. During this period, she led two key research divisions: the Laboratory of Entomophages (1962–1970) and the Laboratory of Entomology (1973–1980).
Davletshina contributed to the landmark multi-volume Keys to the Insects of the European Part of the USSR (Определитель насекомых европейской части СССР), issued by the Zoological Institute of the USSR Academy of Sciences under the general editorship of Grigory Bey-Bienko and considered to be "the most comprehensive guide to the insects of the USSR". In Volume I (1964), a 936-page fauna guide covering lower and hemimetabolous insect groups, she authored the identification keys for the aphid genus Aphis within Georgy Shaposhnikov's treatment of the suborder Aphidoidea. Davletshina was listed among the volume's co-authors alongside "outstanding Soviet scientists" from the Zoological Institute in Leningrad, Moscow State University, and the Polish Academy of Sciences (including her research adviser, Vladimir Yakhontov, who authored the Thysanoptera section).
Davletshina was a prolific researcher, publishing over 110 scientific papers, 3 monographs, and multiple applied agricultural guides over the course of her career. She concentrated her studies on the ecology, seasonal dynamics, and biological control of agricultural pests in arid ecosystems and agroecosystems across Uzbekistan, particularly in newly reclaimed areas such as the Golodnaya and Jizzakh Steppes. Her research established new data on the biology and species composition of insect pests affecting cotton, alfalfa, vegetable and melon crops, as well as stored agricultural products, and included the development of methods for the laboratory rearing of the cotton bollworm and Trichogramma. Beyond her studies of aphids, her publications extensively addressed darkling beetle communities (Tenebrionidae), ground beetles (Carabidae), and beneficial aphidophagous insects and parasitoids (family Aphidiidae). She also authored several practical handbooks for agricultural practitioners, including Cotton Aphids and Their Control (1953) and Beneficial and Harmful Insects of Cotton (1979).
For years, Davletshina served as the chief editor for multi-author monographs and academic collections published by the Fan ("science" in Uzbek) Publishing House of the Academy of Sciences of the Uzbek SSR. Her editorial works focused on pest management, biological control, and regional fauna, including the two-volume collection Ecology and Biology of Animals of Uzbekistan (1975), Ecology and Biology of Entomophages of Agricultural Pests in Uzbekistan (1974), Cotton Pests and Their Entomophages in Uzbekistan (1986), Flea Beetles Coleoptera, Chrysomelidae, Halticinae: Identification Key to Genera and Pest Species (1975), Orthopteran insects of the Karshi Steppe (1982) and Cotton Protection in the Jizzakh Region (1980).
Davletshina represented Soviet entomology at international scientific forums. In 1965, she served as a Soviet delegate at the 1st International Symposium on the Ecology of Aphidophagous Insects in Liblice, Czechoslovakia. She also participated in the 13th International Congress of Entomology in Moscow in 1968, as well as the 7th Congress of the All-Union Entomological Society in Leningrad in 1974, and the All-Union Conference on Termite Research in Ashgabat in 1960.
Throughout her career, Davletshina supervised postgraduate research and advised candidate dissertations in entomology, often collaborating with leading Soviet institutions such as Saint Petersburg State University and the Zoological Institute of the Russian Academy of Sciences. Her doctoral advisees included A. S. Bogolyubova (1974, studying the parasitoid wasp Habrobracon hebetor as a biological control agent for the cotton bollworm), A. Dadamirzaev (1979, co-advised with Oleg Kryzhanovsky on ground beetle ecology in Uzbekistan), and D. B. Daminova (1992, co-advised with E. S. Sugonyaev on hoverflies in Uzbek agroecosystems).
Beyond her research at the Institute, Davletshina was an active member of the Uzbekistan Entomological Society and served as its treasurer. Davletshina retired from the Institute of Zoology in 1994, while remaining active in mentoring early-career entomologists and advising graduate students.
Aphidology was Davletshina's primary area of research. In 1964, she published her influential monograph, Aphids of the Genus Aphis L. of the Fauna of Uzbekistan (Тли рода Aphis L., фауны Узбекистана). In the book on the history of the Institute of Zoology and Parasitology of Uzbekistan (1992), Davletshina's monograph was listed among the “most significant works” published by the institute. Modern taxonomic reviews, such as the 2024 Annotated Checklist of the Aphids of Uzbekistan, recognize Amina Davletshina alongside Valerian Nevsky and Georgy Shaposhnikov as one of the foundational figures in Central Asian aphidology.
Davletshina conducted extensive long-term research on the insect ecology of the deserts, including Kyzylkum Desert, and the ancient delta of the Amu Darya river. In 1979, she co-authored the comprehensive monograph Entomofauna of the South-West Kyzylkum, which detailed the structure, biogeography, and ecological relationships of insect communities across stony, gypsum, and sandy desert habitats. Earlier in her career, she carried out a series of foundational faunistic surveys alongside her research adviser, Professor Vladimir Yakhontov, and published a core study on darkling beetle (Tenebrionidae) microhabitat distribution in Zoologichesky Zhurnal (1967). She also contributed to research on desert vertebrates, providing expert insect identifications for the diet studies on agamid lizards, racerunners (Eremias), and hedgehogs.
Davletshina carried out pioneering research on the Turkestan termite (Anacanthotermes turkestanicus), a major structural and agricultural pest in Central Asia. She published extensively on termite control methods, authoring two monographs: Termites and Their Control Measures (1963) and Termites and Their Inflicted Damage (1966). Her work presented field-tested control strategies—including deep soil cultivation and targeted chemical treatments—which she shared at major scientific forums, such as the All-Union Conference on Termite Research in Ashgabat in 1960.
She also focused extensively on biological control and entomophagous insects (predators and parasitoids of crop pests), publishing works on beneficial species in cotton and alfalfa agroecosystems to promote natural pest regulation as an alternative to chemical pesticides. Her contributions to sustainable agriculture included, among others, the monographs Entomophages of the Principal Cotton Pests of Uzbekistan (1972), Beneficial Insects Are Harvest Protectors (1976), Entomophages of Cotton Aphids (1978), and Dipteran Crop Protectors (1981).
Insects of Uzbekistan (Насекомые Узбекистана, 1993) – The first comprehensive reference manual covering 34 insect orders in the region, co-authored with L. A. Azimov, A. A. Bekuzin, and M. K. Kadyrova.
Davletshina’s final major effort was Rare Insects of Uzbekistan: An Encyclopedic Handbook (Редкие насекомые Узбекистана — энциклопедический справочник). Prepared for publication by the State Scientific Publishing House "Oʻzbekiston milliy ensiklopediyasi" (National Encyclopedia of Uzbekistan), it was signed for press in March 1997. Designed as a substantial reference work exceeding 200 pages with illustrations and a planned press run of 4,000 copies, the book ultimately remained unpublished due to the financial crisis that crippled academic publishing in post-Soviet Uzbekistan during the late 1990s.
In 1993–1994, Davletshina was awarded a research grant under the "Biodiversity" program organized by the International Science Foundation (Soros Foundation) and the Russian Academy of Natural Sciences (RANS).
Photograph of Amina Davletshina among participants at the 1st International Symposium on the Ecology of Aphidophagous Insects in Liblice, Czechoslovakia (27 September–1 October 1965). She appears in the fifth photograph (captioned). From Ecology of Aphidophagous Insects: Proceedings of a Symposium held in Liblice near Prague, September 27 – October 1, 1965.
Iron Nest: Heavy Turret Simulator (stylized in all caps) is a 2026 military simulation video game developed by Nick Nieuwoudt and Dominik Latos. Set in 1920s Castile, the game focuses on the operation of a fictional mobile gun turret, manned alone. In order to suppress a rebellion against the monarchical government, the player is provided with targets, reconnaissance information, and other intelligence to utilize in a series of missions. Players must strategize, plot bearings, and prioritize targets in order to load, aim, and fire the turret's weapons accurately and quickly.
In an alternate history, the Iberian Peninsula sans Portugal is unified under the Kingdom of Castile and does not develop into Spain. In the 1920s, an anti-monarchist rebellion erupts throughout Castile. The rebels seize numerous cities, with the King and the royalist government forced to relocate to Aranjuez after rebels occupy the capital of Ciudad Real, and years of fighting ensue. At the behest of the head of Castile's military, a figure known as the General, a new weapon is created to break the stalemate: the Iron Nest, a 5,000-ton quadrupedal self-propelled artillery unit boasting a pair of 800mm guns taken from the battleship Alfonso XIII.
Elsewhere in Europe, World War I never occurred and the rest of the continent is at peace. The German Empire persists under Kaiser Wilhelm, and is rivaled by the British Empire and French Republic, together referred to as the Entente alliance. The Kingdom of Castile frequently accuses the French of funneling materiel and money to the Iberian republicans, but remains cordial with the British and regards Germany as an ally.
The player is the designated "Operator" of the Iron Nest, a silent protagonist. Under the General's orders, the Operator first conducts the Iron Nest's calibration by firing a shell at a Castilian civilian hospital, a false flag attack that the Castilian government propagandizes by branding it a republican terrorist bombing. Across subsequent missions spanning October 1927 to November 1928, the Iron Nest quickly proves its worth in battle and changes the tide of the civil war. Castile reclaims its lost cities and territories from the rebels, until only the city of Barcelona is left in republican hands.
In the course of Castile's campaign, the Operator is also ordered to sink a British warship, the HMS Rockingham, anchored at Gibraltar, as part of another false flag attack. The French warship Léon Gambetta is framed for the sinking, which claimed the life of the son of the First Sea Lord, and the incident strains the alliance between Britain and France to the breaking point. The German Empire takes the opportunity to invade the French territory of Alsace-Lorraine with the stated goal of re-annexing it. Britain and France reconcile to counter the German aggression, and Europe becomes embroiled in full-scale war. The upshot of these events for Castile is that the Iberian republicans cease to receive aid from the French.
The final mission takes place on November 10, 1928 and begins with the rebels cornered and defenseless in Barcelona. The Operator may complete this mission through various methods, leading to one of four different endings:
"A City in Celebration" – A non-lethal shell, such as a star shell or propaganda leaflet-filled shell is fired on the city. Barcelona surrenders without bloodshed and widespread celebration erupts at the peaceful end of the war.
"A City Subdued" – A chemical shell (either cyanogen, phosgene or tear gas) is fired on the city, forcing it into submission. It is captured and surviving pockets of resistance are weeded out.
"The Road Not Taken" – The Operator betrays Castile by killing the General and King, along with destroying all nearby Castilian artillery emplacements. Ten years after the event, a newspaper article explains how this unexpected action prevented a likely genocide of the republican sympathizers. It is revealed that while the rest of the world is mired in conflict, the Iberian Peninsula enjoys unity and peace, protected by additional Iron Nests.
"A City Silent" – An atomic shell is fired on the city, ending the civil war by eradicating all republican resistance. The General, implied to have overthrown the King in a palace coup, declares his intent to march the army of the newly-proclaimed Royal Empire of Castile north into France, to assist Germany.
Iron Nest was inspired by PVKK: Planetenverteidigungskanonenkommandant, a game by Dome Keeper (2022) developer Bippinbits that was still in development at the time of Iron Nest's release.
A demo was released on 15 June 2026 for Steam Next Fest, where it was the most popular demo, with Kotaku's Lewis Parker saying that "The worst Steam Next Fest in recorded history also somehow features the best Next Fest demo I've ever played". The game released on 6 August 2026 for Windows. After its release, the developers announced future multiplayer features, console ports, and virtual reality support.
Iron Nest received "universal acclaim", according to review aggregator Metacritic. After release, Iron Nest sold over 150,000 copies on its first day, and more than 250,000 copies in three days.
Mayor Olena Hankivsky registered to run for re-election at the last minute. She is being opposed by councillor Todd Attridge, and former candidate Angela Grogan.
Action to Save St. John's Hospital was a single-issue political party operating in West Lothian which contested the local council elections in 2007 and 2012. Their sole focus was campaigning against the planned removal of the 24-hour emergency department, paediatric and maternity services from St John's Hospital in Livingston.
The party fielded candidates in six out of nine multi-member wards in the 2007 West Lothian Council election, winning three out of the 32 seats on the council to become the third-largest party behind the SNP and Labour. However, they received fewer overall votes than the Conservatives with 3,997 votes versus the Conservatives' 6,142.
The party's three successful candidates were Ellen Glass in Broxburn, Uphall and Winchburgh with 14.2% of first-preference votes (FPV), Gordon Beurskens in Whitburn and Blackburn (11.7% FPV), and John Cochrane in Livingston North (9.9% FPV).
Following the election, the party entered into a coalition administration with the SNP and Conservatives, taking control of West Lothian council from Labour, ending 12 years of Labour majority administration since the councils establishment in 1995.
In the 2012 West Lothian Council election, the party stood candidates in every ward except Armadale and Blackridge. The party saw a 0.6% increase in council-wide vote share. Despite this, they lost all three of their seats. The party vowed to continue their campaign despite the results.
The party did not contest the 2017 West Lothian Council election or any council by-elections and officially deregistered in 2021, ahead of the 2022 West Lothian Council election.
The 2025 U-15 Baseball European Championship was the 32nd edition of the U-15 Baseball European Championship, organised by Europe's governing baseball body, the WBSC Europe. The tournament was held in Trieste, Italy from 15 to 19 July 2025. The top two teams of the tournament will qualify for the 2026 U-15 Baseball World Cup.
The 2026 Democratic Party For the People leadership election will be held on 6 September 2026 in accordance with the end of the presidential term which had commenced in 2023. Incumbent president Yuichiro Tamaki is seeking another term, challenged by second-term lawmaker Mikihiko Hashimoto.
Tamaki had served as president of the DPFP since its formation. Since his previous re-election in 2023, the party performed well in the 2024 and 2025 elections, more than doubling its seat count in both chambers of the Diet. Following the collapse of the LDP-Komeito coalition in October 2025, Tamaki was briefly floated as a possible Prime Minister in a coalition between the DPFP, Constitutional Democratic Party, and Japan Innovation Party, but the latter party ultimately joined the LDP coalition instead. In the lower house election held in February 2026, the party maintained its representation at 28 seats but found its influence reduced due to the ruling coalition's landslide majority.
The number of sponsors required to run was set at 15% of the Diet caucus and an equal number of local assembly members. With the party counting 53 members of the Diet, this translated to eight legislators and eight local assembly members. The maximum number of sponsors in each category was 25.
Registered party members or supporters can vote via mail or online. Points for this tier are awarded to candidates in proportion to votes won. (53 points total)
Each of the party's members of local councils or prefectural assemblies can vote via mail or online. Points for this tier are awarded to candidates in proportion to votes won. (53 points total)
In order to win, a candidate must secure more than 50% of points. If no candidate wins more than 50%, a runoff is to be held the same day. In the runoff, only Diet members may vote.
Tamaki was widely expected to run again and be easily returned to office. An information session for the contest was held on 24 July, which was attended by Tamaki, Mikihiko Hashimoto, Yosuke Mori, and Kamon Iizumi. the Mainichi Shimbun reported that the former three were prospective candidates, while Iizumi was acting as the scout for a camp within the party who had not yet found a candidate. Nominations were taken on 7 August and only Tamaki and Hashimoto stood.
Both candidates emphasised strengthening the party's organisation. Tamaki acknowledged that the party had been dominated by its founding members and advocated development of local engagement and young talent. Hashimoto said he wanted Tamaki and secretary-general Kazuya Shimba to "continue contributing their strengths". Tamaki defended his "solutions over confrontation" strategy which encouraged policy engagement with the ruling coalition, while Hashimoto argued the party's approach should be regularly reevaluated. Tamaki also stated his aim for the DPFP was to become the strongest opposition party in the 2028 House of Councillors election.
The 2025 Málaga P1 (officially 2025 Premier Padel Málaga P1) was the thirteenth tournament of the fourth season organized by Premier Padel, the premier padel circuit, promoted by the International Padel Federation, and with the financial backing of Nasser Al-Khelaïfi's Qatar Sports Investments.
In the women's category, for the second consecutive tournament, neither of the top two pairs in the FIP rankings reached the final. In the title match, the world number 3 pair, Bea González and Claudia Fernández, defeated Marta Ortega and Tamara Icardo, claiming their second title of the season.
In the men's category, the two top-ranked pairs faced each other in the final for the second consecutive tournament. In the decisive match, Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello defeated Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto in straight sets, claiming their seventh title of the season.
For this tournament, former world number one Alejandra Salazar, who had been coming off a poor run of results, teamed up with Martina Calvo. Martina had previously distinguished herself playing alongside Aranza Osoro, and together they competed in five tournaments, reaching two semifinals (Buenos Aires and Valladolid), two quarterfinals (Asunción and Bordeaux), and the Round of 16 at the Rome Major.
After not competing in the Bordeaux, due to lower back discomfort and medical advice, Juan Lebrón also missed the Málaga P1. With his partner absent, Franco Stupaczuk played the Málaga tournament alongside Maxi Arce.
The third-ranked pair had already missed the Qatar Major, one of the four events with more ranking points on the circuit, due to an injury sustained by Stupaczuk, which also led Lebrón to compete in the Brussels P2 alongside Álex Ruiz.
By reaching the quarterfinals on his Premier Padel debut, alongside Franco Stupaczuk, Maxi Arce achieved the biggest rise in the history of padel, climbing from 1,182nd to 200th place in the world rankings. Arce arrived in Málaga with just 6 points and added another 180, jumping from 1,182nd to 200th, an unprecedented rise of 982 places in a single week.
With his tournament win, alongside Arturo Coello, Agustín Tapia won his fifth consecutive title in tournaments held in Málaga, doing it with absolute dominance by not dropping a single set across those five finals.
On Tuesday 27 October 1931, the 1931 United Kingdom general election was held in Wales, to elect all 615 members of the House of Commons, with 36 constituencies being in Wales. 35 seats represented territorial constituencies contested under the first past the post electoral system, and one additional seat represented the University of Wales which was also contested under the first past the post electoral system. It was the last UK general election not to take place on a Thursday.
In this election, the parties forming the National Government across the United Kingdom won 67 per cent of the popular vote and over 90 per cent of the seats in the House of Commons. In Wales, despite the National Government obtaining more votes than the Labour Opposition, the combined Labour Opposition still held the most seats.
Although the National Coalition parties polled with the greater vote share combined in Wales, and formed the Government of the United Kingdom following the election, the combined Labour opposition retained its position as the largest party by seats in Wales.
Former chair of the Independent Labour Party R. C. Wallhead had his support withdrawn by the Labour Party in his safe Labour seat of Merthyr. Wallhead won the seat as an Independent Labour Party candidate, being only one of five such candidates to retain his seat. He remained part of the Labour Opposition to the National Government despite not being part of the party. Wallhead would, however, Wallhead resign from the Independent Labour Party and rejoined the Labour in 1933. Wallhead's later death in 1934, however, also caused the 1934 Merthyr by-election with Labour candidate S. O. Davies retaking the seat. Overall, the Labour opposition lost a total of nine seats in Wales.
The Conservative Party, as the largest party of the National Government, gained Newport, Brecon and Radnorshire, Llandaff and Barry, Cardiff East and Cardiff South from the Labour Party. Notably, Cardiff East had switched from the Liberals initially holding the seat at its creation in 1918, to the Conservative Party in 1922, to the Liberal Party in 1923, returning again to the Conservatives in 1924 United Kingdom general election, then being gained by the Labour Party in 1929; however, the seat would again return to the Conservative Party in this election, and be held by the party until the 1942 Cardiff East by-election.
The newly formed Liberal National Party, which had split from the Liberal Party and which were also part of the National Government, gained Denbigh, Flintshire and Montgomeryshire from the Liberal Party by way of incumbent members of the Liberals defecting to the new party and winning the seats. Of those seats, both Clement Davies in Montgomeryshire and Henry Morris-Jones in Denbigh ran unopposed. The party also gained Swansea West from Labour. The fifth seat the party contested was Pontypool, however the candidate Thomas Keens was unsuccessful. Additionally, the newly formed National Labour led by Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald gained Cardiff Central. This was the only seat in Wales contested by National Labour. The incumbent Member of Parliament for the seat, former Labour member Ernest Bennett, defected and won the seat in the election.
The Liberal Party, which had joined the National Coalition, gained Wrexham and Carmarthen from the Labour Party, as well as Liberal Ernest Evans again retaining his seat in the University of Wales constituency.
However, due to David Lloyd George splitting from the party in opposition to the Liberal Party being in National Government, the Independent Liberals, who were incumbent Members of Parliament and primarily members of his family, gained four seats from the Liberal Party. These were Lloyd George himself in Caernarvon Boroughs, his daughter and first female Member of Parliament for Wales Megan Lloyd George in Anglesey and his son Gwilym Lloyd George in Pembrokeshire. It also included Goronwy Owen in Caernarvonshire, whose wife Gladwyn was the sister of Edna, the wife of Gwilym Lloyd George. The Independent Liberal group only won seats in Wales, despite two other candidates running in English constituencies.
Below is a table summarising the 1931 constituency results for seat of the University of Wales constituency. The Liberal Party retained the seat, bringing the total seats of the Liberal Party to five out of the possible 36.
Local elections were held in the municipality of Valenzuela, Metro Manila, on May 11, 1998, as part of the 1998 Philippine general election. Voters elected a mayor, a vice mayor, twelve regular members of the municipal council, and a representative for Valenzuela's at-large congressional district. Incumbent mayor Jose Emmanuel "Bobbit" L. Carlos was proclaimed the winner of the mayoral election over outgoing representative Antonio M. Serapio.
Although the law converting Valenzuela into a highly urbanized city had been approved on February 14, 1998, the locality remained a municipality on election day because the conversion required ratification in a plebiscite. The charter was ratified on December 30, 1998, after which the officials elected in May continued in office as city officials.
Carlos had served as mayor since 1995 and sought a second term in 1998. Serapio, the outgoing representative of Valenzuela's at-large congressional district, challenged him for the mayoralty.
On February 14, 1998, President Fidel V. Ramos approved Republic Act No. 8526, the charter converting Valenzuela into a highly urbanized city. Under the charter, the city would acquire corporate existence only upon ratification by local voters, and incumbent municipal officials would continue in office following ratification until their successors were elected and qualified.
Under the Local Government Code of 1991, the mayor and vice mayor were elected separately at large, while regular members of the local council were elected by district. The vice mayor served as the council's presiding officer. Valenzuela had twelve regular council seats. Beginning with the 1995 elections, council members in Metro Manila municipalities were elected from districts rather than at large; Valenzuela had two such councilor districts.
Valenzuela also elected one member of the House of Representatives from its at-large district. The two congressional districts created by the city charter were to be used beginning with the next national election after the conversion.
The figures above follow the itemized canvass reproduced in the Supreme Court's decision in Carlos v. Angeles. An earlier passage in the same decision states that Carlos was proclaimed with 102,688 votes, twenty more than the itemized figure. The decision also gives a margin of 25,418 votes, which corresponds to the earlier figure. Because the decision contains this internal discrepancy, percentages and a total are not shown.
The same ordinance identifies Roberto B. Darilag, president of the Liga ng mga Barangay, and Ritche D. Cuadra, president of the local Sangguniang Kabataan federation, as ex officio council members. Those positions were not filled by the May 1998 district council elections.
Serapio filed an election protest on June 1, 1998. A physical count conducted during the protest produced 103,551 votes for Carlos and 76,246 for Serapio. Following the revision of ballots, the trial court's final tally counted 83,609 valid votes for Carlos and 66,602 for Serapio, leaving Carlos ahead by 17,007 votes.
Despite that tally, the Regional Trial Court in Caloocan, acting on the protest after the Valenzuela judges inhibited themselves, ruled on April 24, 2000, that the election had been affected by fraud. It set aside Carlos's proclamation and declared Serapio the elected mayor. On May 8, the Supreme Court issued a temporary restraining order preventing implementation of the trial court ruling.
On November 29, 2000, the Supreme Court annulled the trial court's decision. It held that the trial court had gravely abused its discretion by declaring the second-placed candidate elected despite its own finding that Carlos had received more valid votes. The Court made its restraining order permanent and remanded the protest for a new decision within fifteen days.
Valenzuela's city charter was ratified in a plebiscite held on December 30, 1998. Under the charter's transitory provision, the municipal officials elected in May continued to exercise their functions as city officials. The charter also divided Valenzuela into two congressional districts beginning with the next national election, which was held in 2001.
The 1992 Valenzuela local elections were held in the municipality of Valenzuela, Metro Manila, on May 11, 1992, as part of the 1992 Philippine general election. The electorate chose a municipal mayor, a vice mayor, twelve members of the Sangguniang Bayan, and the representative of Valenzuela's lone congressional district.
Incumbent mayor Santiago A. de Guzman of the Nacionalista Party was re-elected. Municipal councilor Jose Emmanuel "Bobbit" L. Carlos was elected vice mayor, while incumbent representative Antonio M. Serapio of the Nationalist People's Coalition was re-elected to the House of Representatives.
Valenzuela was a municipality at the time of the election. It was converted into a highly urbanized city under Republic Act No. 8526, which took effect following its ratification in 1998.
The 1992 polls were the first synchronized presidential, congressional and local elections conducted under the 1987 Constitution. Republic Act No. 7166 scheduled the elections for the second Monday of May 1992 and provided for synchronized national and local elections thereafter. Political scientist Julio Teehankee described the polls as the first synchronized election of the post-1986 constitutional period.
Before the election, Santiago A. de Guzman was the incumbent municipal mayor. Jose Emmanuel L. Carlos, who was serving as a member of the municipal council, contested the vice-mayoral election.
The mayor, vice mayor and representative were elected separately by plurality voting, with the candidate receiving the largest number of votes winning the office. The mayor and vice mayor were elected throughout the municipality, while the representative was elected from Valenzuela's lone congressional district.
Under Republic Act No. 6636, Valenzuela was allocated twelve regular municipal councilors. Republic Act No. 7166 subsequently required the Commission on Elections to divide each Metro Manila municipality into two councilor districts by barangay. Valenzuela therefore elected six councilors from each district through plurality block voting.
The elected local officials received three-year terms beginning at noon on June 30, 1992, pursuant to Section 43 of the Local Government Code of 1991.
Incumbent representative Antonio Serapio of the Nationalist People's Coalition was re-elected with 43,026 votes, or 40.97 per cent of the votes counted for the office.
De Guzman and Carlos served as mayor and vice mayor, respectively, during the 1992–1995 local-government term. Serapio represented Valenzuela in the 9th Congress of the Philippines, which sat from 1992 to 1995.
Roster: Eliseo Shorty Lopez, Fidel Chavez, Jeremy Schultz, Francisco Alvarez, Edgardo Contreras, Jose Luis Capi Delgadillo, Jesus Ortuño, Roberto Coronado, Milton Blanco, Orlando Ramirez, Eddie Rodriguez, Marcos Lopez, Oscar Ruelas, Joel Ramirez.
The 2026–27 Boston College Eagles women's basketball team will represent Boston College during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Eagles will be led by first-year head coach Katie Popovec-Goss, and will play their home games at the Conte Forum in Chestnut Hill, Massachusetts as a member of the Atlantic Coast Conference.
The Eagles finished the 2025–26 season 5–26 overall and 1–17 in ACC play, to finish in a tie for last in the conference with Pittsburgh. They failed to qualify for the ACC tournament.
On March 1, 2026, it was announced that head coach Joanna Bernabei-McNamee had not had her contract extended, and had been fired after eight seasons with the program. Nearly a month later on March 27, Bradley women's basketball head coach Kate Popovec-Goss was announced as the team's new head coach.
Ohio Issue 3 is a legislatively referred constitutional amendment that will appear on the November 3, 2026, ballot in the U.S. state of Ohio. If approved, the state's constitution will be amended to require a photo ID to vote.
Under current Ohio law, photo ID (such as a United States passport or a current Ohio driver's license) must be presented when voting. State law also requires absentee voters to provide a copy of their photo ID, driver's license or identification number, or the last four digits of their Social Security number. Voters with a religious objection to being photographed can complete an affidavit in order to vote.
Issue 3 would enshrine the current laws by amending the Ohio constitution to require photo ID for in-person voting and either photo ID or "a signature plus one other unique identifier authorized by law" for absentee voting. The constitution would also be amended to allow for the state legislature to create a separate process for ID verification among voters with a religious objection to being photographed.
In May 2026, Almaz Yohannis competed at the 2026 African Championships in Athletics and won a bronze medal in the 3000 metres steeplechase. In August 2026, she competed at the 2026 World Athletics U20 Championships in the 3000 metres steeplechase. During the second heat she ranked first with a time of 9:42.45 and advanced to the finals. During the finals she won a gold medal with a time of 9:15.81.
The 2011 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 11 to August 17, 2011. Ten teams, four international teams and six from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship.
The House of Culture of Railway Workers was a building at No. 26 Ligovsky Avenue in Saint Petersburg, Russia. The building was originally the Orphanage for Poor Children of the Imperial Philanthropic Society, which had existed since 1816.
In 1818, a Mr. F. M. Batasheva donated funds towards the purchase of a plot of land on what was then Ligovskaya Street. A two-storey stone house was built on the plot in 1828 by Anton Matveevich Kurtsi with a hipped roof and ten windows with lion masks. The building was rebuilt in 1852 by Vladislav Pavlovich Lvov, who also built a chapel in the grounds in 1853.
The buildings were renovated in 1858 by Evgeny Alekseevich Pirgov using funds from V. F. and I. F. Gromov. Pirgov connected the two existing buildings and constructed a carriage house.
In the Late 19th Century, 115 pupils attended the house, which at that time was run by a Mr. A. F. Lipsky. The buildings were transferred into ownership by the railways in 1905 for plans to build a railway station expansion. Demolition did not occur, with the building being converted into a residential building after the October Revolution of 1917. This continued until the Mid 1940s when the House of Culture of Railway Workers opened.
The 2016 Little League Softball World Series was held in Portland, Oregon from August 10 to August 17, 2016. Ten teams, four international teams and six from the United States, competed for the Little League Softball World Series Championship.
The 2026–27 Liga Națională is the 2026–27 season of the Liga Națională, the highest level of professional women's basketball in Romania. The competition is organised by the Romanian Basketball Federation (FRB).
Women's basketball championships in Romania have been organised since the 1930s. Regional championships were held in 1933 and 1934, while the national women's championship was established in 1950 under the name Divizia A.
From 1950 until 2012, the top women's competition was generally known as Divizia A. Beginning with the 2012–13 season, the championship has been organised under the name Liga Națională de Baschet Feminin (LNBF).
In the modern Liga Națională era, Sepsi SIC won consecutive championships from 2016 to 2019, and again in 2021, 2022, 2023 and 2025. The 2019–20 season ended without a champion because of the COVID-19 pandemic, while CSM CSU Constanța won the 2023–24 championship.
The Atiq Mosque (Arabic: المسجد العتيق, lit. 'old mosque') also known as the Sidi Suleiman Mosque, is a historical landmark and the oldest mosque in the Siwa oasis, Egypt. It is located atop the Shali Fortress in the city of Shali, which means city in the Siwi language. It is the oldest mosque in Africa built with mud.
Its construction dates between 1106 to 1107 and represents a significant part of Siwa's ancient history. The mosque is distinguished by its traditional Siwan architectural style, having been built using local building materials such as kershif, a mixture of clay and salt, which was a common building material at the time. The mosque underwent refurbishing in 2011, as well as a major restoration project in 2015.
The mosque covers an area of ​​approximately 100 square meters and has two entrances: the main entrance on the northeast side and another entrance on the southwest side. Six massive, barrel-shaped pillars divide the mosque into three aisles parallel to the qibla wall. The mosque's roof is made of palm trunks. The mihrab is simple, indicating the qibla using it's semi-circular niche design. It is devoid of any calligraphy or decorations. It is also covered with a layer of white plaster, and there is no projection in the qibla wall from the outside. The mosque has a rectangular layout.
The mosque is distinguished by its massive minaret, located in the northeast corner, resembling the style of minarets in Morocco and Andalusia. Its unique shape features a base with a cubic shaft that tapers as one ascends. The minaret is situated at the northeast end. The pulpit is constructed of stone covered using a coat of plaster in a simple design. It consists of three steps parallel to the qibla wall, ensuring that the rows of worshippers are not interrupted, similar to the Prophet's pulpit in Medina. The mosque's windows are created from olive tree trunks.
Amon was originally formed in Tampa, Florida in 1987. Amon was the name originally used by the band that would later become Deicide. They were originally called Carnage. They performed traditional heavy metal in the vein of Iron Maiden and Judas Priest before evolving to death metal. Two demos were originally recorded and released under the Amon name -- Feasting The Beast and Sacrificial in 1987 and 1989, respectively. The band changed their name to Deicide in 1989 after signing to Roadrunner Records. The demos were eventually released under the Deicide name in 1993 as Amon: Feasting The Beast. The Hoffman brothers reclaimed the name following their acrimonious split from Deicide in 2004 after recording seven albums with the band. Although Deicide frontman Glen Benton claimed that the brothers had voluntarily quit on their own, Eric Hoffman maintained that "no one quit Deicide," and that they had actually been fired.
The Hoffmans regrouped as Amon in 2007, entered the studio in December 2010 and were in the mixing process by September 2011. They released a full-length album titled Liar In Wait in 2012, which was produced by Mark Prator at RedRoom Recorders in Tampa. The album was independently released, and Brian Hoffman stated that its production and distribution were financed "out of [his] own savings."
They played two shows in Tampa in 2017. George "Corpsegrinder" Fisher of Cannibal Corpse performed guest vocals on two songs in the setlist. Benton openly mocked the inclusion of classic Deicide songs in the set to Blabbermouth, calling Amon "the official cover band" due to them performing the songs without the "original singer".
The band signed to Hammerheart Records in 2018, which resulted in an agreement to reissue Deicide's back catalog as well as the original two Amon demos. The band was scheduled to record and release a follow-up to Liar In Wait, as well as embark on a global tour in 2019. A spokesperson for Hammerheart said of the new material: "We heard new songs, and they have the classic Amon/Deicide crunch/vibe. They are catchy yet brutal, they are quality death metal par excellence." That same year, Eric Hoffman posted a diatribe against Benton to Facebook, accusing him of fraud and threatening him with physical assault. He did this again in 2022. Both posts have since been deleted. Music news website MetalSucks suggested that Hoffman was likely intoxicated while writing these posts.
As of 2026, a follow-up album to Liar in Wait has yet to be released. In 2024, Deicide drummer Steve Asheim told a YouTube interviewer that he had heard rumors that Eric and Brian Hoffman were no longer on speaking terms.
Amon guitarist Eric Hoffman described the sound as more technical than some of the music they created in Deicide, but "It's not too intricate, so it's still catchy at the same time. You'll still have a couple of classic Deicide beginnings, and then it'll go into some killer technical, in-your-face shit." Extreme metal bands that influenced the Hoffman brothers in their youth include thrash metal bands Destruction, Slayer and Sodom, early black metal bands such as Venom, Bathory and Mayhem, and early death metal bands such as Possessed, Death, Autopsy.
In 2026, Europe experienced drought-like conditions amid heatwaves. Climate change is a key factor in the creation of the drought, making it 80 times more likely in western Europe and 40 times in eastern Europe. Many countries have restricted water use, wildfires spread across Europe and agriculture was hit hard. The drought reduced the flow of water in the rivers, cutting the generation of hydropower and reducing the movement of ships, which can increase food and energy prices. "Dr Mariam Zachariah, at Imperial College London and also part of the study team, said: “What’s most alarming is that these conditions are occurring at 1.4C of warming. If global emissions push temperatures up to 2.8C as predicted, these intense evaporative conditions could double in likelihood. Without rapid, aggressive emissions cuts, Europe is heading for a future where these scorching, dry summers happen time and time again.”
By late July, large parts of Austria were affected by drought as the country experienced one of the worst lacks of precipitation in decades, with the amount of precipitation since December 2025 being reported as approximately 30 percent lower than the levels needed to prevent drought.
On 11 August, it was reported that the climate data since 1961, available to GeoSphere Austria, indicated the longest and most consistent yearly deficits in precipitation for eastern Austria in the last 65 years.
At the same time, water levels in the Danube measured at a station in Hainburg an der Donau were reported to be the lowest since the station began operations in 1976, with the lowest values for both July and August being significantly lower than those recorded both during the 2003 European heatwave and on multiple occasions during autumn and winter, when water levels in the Danube in Austria typically reach their yearly lows.
Belgium has been affected by drought. Wallonia brought in drought-related restrictions to resolve water shortages. Flanders has suffered water scarcity. Authorities the Brussels-Capital Region extended a code yellow drought alert. On 14 August a bush fire started in the High Fens, burning at least 900 hectares.
On 7 August, it was reported that, due to a combination of long-standing heat and a lack of precipitation, the waters in the Drava and the Danube in eastern Croatia had fallen to the lowest levels for years. The drought in the region had significantly reduced harvests.
Droughts have affected France. Water restrictions have been implemented. Crop yields are expected to plummet. The grape harvest has been affected. Climate change in France has been reportedly a major cause.
Hungary's only nuclear power plant nearly had to be completely shut down for the first time due to record low water levels of the River Danube. Shipwrecks have been exposed. War relics including a German military motorcycle was exposed in Budapest.
On 10 July, it was reported that most of Slovenia had been affected by drought due to a nationwide lack of precipitation over the preceding 30 days, with the drought having a particularly negative influence on the quality of agricultural land. The drought continued into August, leading to the implementation of restrictions on the use of water for non-essential purposes in some parts of the country.
In June 2026, the Environment Agency (EA) convened its National Drought Group to discuss the dry spring and recent heatwave. It assessed that the dry weather put England at risk of a ‘flash drought’ similar to the 2022 drought in the United Kingdom, with reducing river flows, low rainfall and increased water use during hot weather.
On 29 July 2026, the Environment Agency (EA) declared that most of England was in a drought. This is the third time in five years. Southern England saw its driest month ever recorded since 1836.
It was the driest July on record for nearly 200 years. The entirety of Wales is in drought. There have been record periods without rain. There have been hosepipe bans. The drought status was extended to four more regions in August amid another potential heatwave.
The 2026 Le Tours 45 CarGurus, also called the CarGurus 45, was the tenth stock car race of the 2026 NASCAR Canada Series. The race was held on Sunday, August 9, at Circuit Trois-Rivières, a 1.521 mi (2.448 km) street circuit in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada. The race weekend featured a pair of sprint races, the Omnifab Sprints, inspired by The Duel at Daytona, to set the starting lineup. Due to encountering mechanical issues, Kevin Lacroix, who had led the opening twenty-one laps, was forced to retire, handing the lead to Marc-Antoine Camirand, who would lead for the remainder of the race and score the win. L. P. Dumoulin finished the race in second and Alex Guenette rounded out the podium in third.
The Circuit Trois-Rivières is a street circuit in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada. The circuit has been the home of the annual Grand Prix de Trois-Rivières, the longest-running street race in North America, since 1967.
Practice was held on Saturday, August 7, at 8:40 AM EST. Alex Labbé set the fastest time with a lap of 1:08.196 and a speed of 80.292 mph (129.217 km/h).
Qualifying was held on Saturday, August 7, at 12:00 PM EST. Qualifying determined the front row and the Omnifab Sprints starting lineup, and the sprints set the lineup for the race. Kevin Lacroix secured the pole for the sprint and main event with a lap of 1:08.256 and a speed of 80.222 mph (129.105 km/h), while Marc-Antoine Camirand secured second for main event and pole for the sprint with a lap of 1:08.267 and a speed of 80.209 mph (129.084 km/h). Camirand and Lacroix both won their sprints from the pole.
The 2026 Omnifab Sprints were a pair of NASCAR Canada Series stock car races held on Saturday, August 8, 2026, at Circuit Trois-Rivières, a 1.521 mi (2.448 km) street circuit in Trois-Rivières, Quebec, Canada. Inspired by The Duel at Daytona qualifying races for the Daytona 500, the races will be contested over 15 laps as qualifying races for the 2026 Le Tours 45 CarGurus, the first time this format has been used.
On December 9, 2025, it was announced that duel races like those used for the Daytona 500 would set the lineup for the GP3R in 2026. The name for the races was later revealed as the Omnifab Sprints.
Qualifying was held on Saturday, August 8, at 12:00 PM EST; the front row for the Le Tours 45 CarGurus was set by qualifying, while qualifying also set the lineup for the Omnifab Sprints. Kevin Lacroix secured the pole for the sprint and main event with a lap of 1:08.256 and a speed of 80.222 mph (129.105 km/h), while Marc-Antoine Camirand secured second for main event and pole for the sprint with a lap of 1:08.267 and a speed of 80.209 mph (129.084 km/h).
In Sprint 1, Marc-Antoine Camirand led from pole over drivers such as Simon Charbonneau and L. P. Dumoulin, although Charbonneau would eventually spin shortly after being passed by Dumoulin; Camirand would score the win over Alex Labbé and Dumoulin.
In Sprint 2, Kevin Lacroix led from pole over Andrew Ranger and Alex Guenette, the latter of whom was involved in a battle with Alex Tagliani in the closing laps; Lacroix would score the win over Ranger and Tagliani.
The third 153rd Rifle Division began forming at Rzhev on May 18, 1943, based on a pair of rifle brigades. It served as an infantry division of the Red Army into the postwar period, originally on the basis of the shtat (table of organization and equipment) of December 10, 1942. It was initially assigned to the 68th Army in the Reserve of the Supreme High Command. After entering Western Front on July 12 it was transferred to 5th Army of the same Front just prior to the summer offensive toward Smolensk. During the offensive it was transferred to 21st Army of the same Front, and in late September it was awarded the name of that city as a battle honor. In October it became involved in a series of unsuccessful offensives toward Orsha, being transferred to 33rd Army later that month. During the grinding offensives southeast of Vitebsk during the winter the division returned to 5th Army, and by the end of January 1944 it was so badly depleted it was moved to the Reserve of the Supreme High Command for rebuilding. When it returned to the active army in late May it was assigned to 2nd Belorussian Front and soon the 49th Army of that Front. Under these commands the division took part in crushing the German 4th Army's bridgehead on the east bank of the Dniepr River near Mogilev during the first days of the summer offensive in Belarus, and then drove forward to cross the Berezina before the end of June. For these accomplishments it was awarded the Order of the Red Banner. After being transferred to 50th Army in mid-July it participated in the capture of Grodno, and soon received the Order of Kutuzov. In August it was placed in reserve for rest and refitting before returning to the 50th in October. During the invasion of East Prussia in January 1945 it successfully battled through the fortified Masurian Lake District and all its regiments received battle honors or decorations. It was soon transferred to 3rd Belorussian Front with its Army and fought through February to defeat the German grouping around Heiligenbeil. It was then shifted northeast of Königsberg to prepare for the final assault on that city which began on April 6 and which earned one of the division's regiments its name as a battle honor. The 153rd remained in East Prussia for the remainder of the war and into the postwar period, before beginning to move east in late September. It arrived in Voroshilovgrad Region where it was disbanded beginning in February 1946.
The division began forming on May 18, 1943, in and around Rzhev, on the basis of the 136th Rifle Brigade and the 2nd formation of the 122nd Rifle Brigade.
This unit began forming in the South Ural Military District in January, and remained there training until May. It then loaded on rail cars and traveled west where it was assigned to the Reserve of the Supreme High Command near Moscow. It was disbanded there almost immediately to provide resources for the new 153rd.
The 136th was formed in the Volga Military District from December 1941 through March 1942 before entraining in April, moving west to join 30th Army in Kalinin Front. During August it was moved to the Front reserves until it was reassigned in November to the Front's 39th Army just prior to the start of Operation Mars.
This Army was tasked with making a diversionary attack on the Molodoi Tud sector. On November 25, the first day of the offensive, the 136th attacked the 413th Regiment of the 206th Infantry Division alongside the 709th Rifle Regiment of the 178th Rifle Division and the 28th Tank Regiment. This heavy thrust broke the forward defenses and penetrated 4km to the outskirts of Trushkovo before being halted by reserves. The next day the 136th and the tanks pushed westward toward Zaitsevo but could not take Trushkovo. Although the place finally fell, by the first week of December the brigade had been shifted to a quieter sector of the line. Following the failure of this offensive it remained in the 39th until May 1943, when it was moved to the Reserve of the Supreme High Command in the Moscow Defence Zone to help form the new 153rd.
In addition to these cadres the division also received 2,400 sailors from the Black Sea Fleet and the Volga Flotilla. It came under command of Col. Nikolai Aleksandrovich Krasnov, the commander of the 136th, on the day it began forming. During June the forming division was assigned to 68th Army, still in the Reserve. Its order of battle was very similar to that of the 2nd formation:
On July 10 Colonel Krasnov declared the division to be combat ready, and two days later it entered the fighting line as part of Western Front. On July 20 it became part of 62nd Rifle Corps, along with the 154th and 159th Rifle Divisions.
On August 3 the 62nd Corps was transferred to 5th Army and began moving 5km to the north to a new jumping-off point. Operation Suvorov began on August 7 with a preliminary bombardment at 0440 hours and a ground assault at 0630. The commander of Western Front, Col. Gen. V. D. Sokolovskii, committed his 5th, 10th Guards, and 33rd Armies in the initial assault, while 68th Army was in second echelon. The attack quickly encountered heavy opposition and stalled. By early afternoon, Sokolovskii became concerned about the inability of most of his units to advance and decided to commit 68th Army's 81st Rifle Corps to reinforce the push by 10th Guards Army against XII Army Corps. This was a premature and foolish decision on a number of levels, crowding an already stalled front with even more troops and vehicles.
On the morning of August 8, Sokolovskii resumed his offensive at 0730 hours, but now he had three armies tangled up on the main axis of advance. After a 30-minute artillery preparation the Soviets resumed their attacks across a 10km-wide front. 81st Corps was inserted between the two engaged corps of 10th Guards, putting further pressure on the 268th Infantry Division. Reinforcements from 2nd Panzer Division were coming up from Yelnya in support. By August 11 it became clear that XII Corps was running out of infantry and so late in the day the German forces began falling back toward the Yelnya–Spas-Demensk railway. By now Western Front had expended nearly all its artillery ammunition and was not able to immediately exploit the withdrawal. Sokolovskii was authorized to temporarily suspend Suvorov on August 21.
In the following regrouping 62nd Corps was transferred to 49th Army but the 153rd was moved to 21st Army where it was directly under Army command. The STAVKA had given Sokolovskii only one week to renew the offensive. The plan, approved on August 22, placed the main effort in the center with 10th Guards, 21st, 33rd, and 68th Armies. These were to shatter XII Corps before pushing mobile groups through the gaps in order to capture Yelnya. At the same time the 5th and 31st Armies would conduct a support operation in order to threaten Dorogobuzh and Yartsevo. Marshal of Artillery N. N. Voronov worked to improve the ammunition supply and 21st Army was reinforced with seven artillery brigades and a sapper brigade, as well as 2nd Guards Tank Corps for the exploitation role.
The renewed offensive began at 0800 hours on August 28 with a 90-minute artillery preparation on a 25km-wide front southeast of Yelnya by 10th Guards, 21st, and 33rd Armies. When the infantry went in at 0930 the main effort proved to be in the 33rd Army sector against the boundary between IX Army Corps and Gruppe Harpe (former XII Corps). This rocked the 20th Panzergrenadier Division of IX Corps, and when a gap appeared the 5th Mechanized Corps was committed at Koshelevo. 21st and 10th Guards Armies attacked the positions of Battlegroup Vincenz around Terenino Station, held by one infantry battalion and an engineer unit. IX Corps threw in its meagre tactical reserves and the fighting continued for about eight hours until Vincenz was broken into fragments and began pulling back to the Ugra River. Altogether, Western Front managed to advance 6-8km. On the following day, 10th Guards mopped up those German units that had not escaped across the river while advancing up the rail line toward Yelnya. By dusk the right flank of IX Corps was near collapse and 6th Guards Cavalry Corps was committed into the gap.
The offensive gathered momentum on August 30 with the remnants of Vincenz and the 35th Infantry Division in full retreat. 2nd Panzer Division, with just 15 tanks and under 800 infantry, tried to counterattack but had little effect. 21st Army committed 2nd Guards Tanks at noon, and this unit gained 20km in a few hours; meanwhile, 10th Guards was advancing directly toward Yelnya. At 1330 hours the evacuation of the city began. Soviet infantry and tanks arrived by 1700 and two hours later it was in their hands. Dorogobuzh was surrendered the same day. There were now only 75km remaining to Smolensk. German 4th Army was looking at disaster on September 1, but by then Sokolovskii's advance units were again plagued by shortages of fuel, ammunition and transport, and nine of his rifle divisions had been reduced to 3,000 men or fewer.
4th Army got a tenuous new front established by September 3, based on XXXIX Panzer Corps, 1st SS Infantry Brigade, and the 78th Sturm Division. Sokolovskii continued with small-scale attacks until September 7, but his forces were incapable of another breakthrough. STAVKA authorized another temporary suspension the same day. As well, Colonel Krasnov was wounded and hospitalized, and the 153rd was placed in the hands of Col. Zakhari Petrovich Vydrigan, who was concurrently deputy commander of the 76th Rifle Division. Krasnov would return on September 27.
As of September 9 the 4th Army was attempting to hold a front of 164km with just 21,500 troops. Suvorov was resumed on September 14 by Kalinin Front and the next day by Western Front. Attacks by 31st and 5th Armies immediately gained ground and the 18th Panzergrenadier Division was forced back to the outskirts of Yartsevo. This was taken by the 274th Rifle Division the same day. This was not Sokolovskii's main effort, which was launched by 21st, 33rd, 68th, and 10th Guards Armies against the five decimated divisions of IX Corps holding a 40km-wide front in the Hubertus-I-Stellung west of Yelnya. A 90-minute artillery preparation preceded the ground attack at 0715 hours. 21st Army, backed by about 60 tanks, struck 78th Sturm and punched a hole between two of its regiments. The 21st and 10th Guards Armies continued attacking through the morning and early afternoon, producing further small penetrations, none of which were deeper than 3km, but the right flank of IX Corps had been badly damaged. The attacks resumed on September 16 at 0630, with shock groups from five divisions attacking 78th Sturm, advancing 2km in six hours. At 1600 4th Army ordered IX Corps to pull back to the Hubertus-II-Stellung, which was carried out overnight.
Sokolovskii committed his mobile reserves once the German withdrawal was confirmed. 21st and 33rd Armies, with 6th Guards Cavalry, would pivot southwestward, with the intention of cutting the Smolensk–Roslavl railroad near Pochinok. The 153rd was in the vanguard of the 21st, and made an unexpected march through marshy terrain, reaching the German rear. On September 22 it was the first to cut the railroad, some 30km south of Smolensk. By now IX Corps was a broken and retreating formation. In the event, the converging Soviet armies had to pause for a few days outside the city before making the final push. On the morning of September 22 the 68th Army achieved a clear breakthrough south-east of Smolensk, in the sector held by remnants of 35th Infantry. By the next morning it was clear that the Hubertus-III-Stellung could not be held. The commander of 4th Army made preparations to evacuate the city. Sokolovskii knew that 4th Army was not likely to fight for Smolensk and he wanted the city secured before it was completely destroyed. At 1000 hours the next day 68th Army advanced into the southern part of the city and linked up with units of 5th and 31st Armies. For its role in this victory the division was recognized with a battle honor:SMOLENSK - 153rd Rifle Division (Colonel Krasnov, Nikolai Ivanovich)... The troops who participated in the battles of Smolensk and Roslavl, by the order of the Supreme High Command of September 25, 1943, and a commendation in Moscow, are given a salute of 20 artillery salvoes from 224 guns.4th Army fell back to the Dora-Stellung overnight on September 26/27. The onus of pursuit along the Minsk–Moscow Highway fell on the 5th and 68th Armies as more battle-weary armies were pulled out of the line to regroup. As 21st Army regrouped the 153rd was assigned to 69th Rifle Corps.
Western Front now began operations toward Orsha. The lead elements of 21st Army's 69th and 61st Rifle Corps arrived at positions on the Myareya River late on October 2 from Baevo south to Lyenina. 2nd Guards Tanks was in support, although badly worn down by previous fighting. The Army was facing the right flank of 25th Panzergrenadier Division opposite Baevo and the 337th Infantry Division at Lyenina. The next day the 153rd and 174th Divisions of 69th Corps attempted to force the river south of Baevo, while two divisions of 61st Corps attempted the same at and north of Lyenina. This unsuccessful effort continued until October 8, when the Army paused to regroup.
Sokolovskii began organizing a new offensive on Orsha to begin on October 12. This would take the form of two thrusts, with 21st and 33rd Armies forming the southern one. The 33rd would concentrate in the sector currently held by the 21st north and south of Lyenina, while the 21st side-stepped to new positions south of Baevo. Altogether the Army had 85 tanks and self-propelled guns in support. In total, Western Front amassed an attacking force of 19 rifle divisions with artillery support of 150-200 guns and mortars per kilometre of front. The preparation lasted 85 minutes and while the fighting continued for two days the German defense proved effective and deadly to Soviet forces across the front; 21st Army gained no more than 300m-400m west of Baevo at a heavy cost in casualties.
Western Front carried out a major regrouping during October 16-20, although this was not actually complete until month's end. The headquarters of 21st Army was moved to the Front's reserve and the 153rd was reassigned to 33rd Army, where it joined the 144th and 222nd Rifle Divisions in 65th Rifle Corps. Sokolovskii planned for another offensive on Orsha to begin on November 14. Two shock groups were prepared, with the southern group consisting of elements of 5th and 33rd Armies south of the Dniepr on a 12km-wide sector. It would be supported with an artillery and air preparation of three-and-a-half hours duration as well as significant strength in armor. At this time the Front's rifle divisions averaged about 4,500 men each. 65th Rifle Corps was deployed between Volkolakovka and Rusany with the 144th in reserve. The 42nd and 222nd Divisions made limited progress in the direction of Guraki but the remainder of the Army's first echelon divisions faltered in the face of withering artillery and machine gun fire. The following day the commander of 33rd Army, Col. Gen. V. N. Gordov, committed the 153rd and 164th Divisions in repeated attacks against the positions of the 18th Panzergrenadiers in Guraki, to no avail. Only by releasing the relatively fresh 144th to battle on November 17 was his Army able to secure a 10km-wide and 3-4km deep bridgehead on the west bank of the Rossasenka River by the end of the next day, at which point the offensive collapsed from exhaustion. The entire effort, which was most successful on 33rd Army's sector, cost Western Front's four attacking armies 38,756 casualties. In preparation for a fifth offensive on Orsha Gordov shifted additional forces into the Rossasenka bridgehead, and in the attack which began on November 30 his divisions, in cooperation with 5th Army, managed to force the defenders back roughly 4km before the lines stabilized. Sokolovskii ordered the Front over to the defense on December 5. By this time the 153rd had been moved to 61st Corps, which was now in 33rd Army.
Shortly after this 33rd Army was directed to redeploy substantially to the north to reinforce the left wing of 1st Baltic Front as it attempted to encircle and liberate the city of Vitebsk. When the redeployment and regrouping were completed on December 22 the Army had 13 rifle divisions on strength, supported by one tank corps, four tank brigades, and ten tank and self-propelled artillery regiments, plus substantial artillery. The 153rd, 159th, and 277th Rifle Divisions now formed 72nd Rifle Corps (under 5th Army as of December 8), with the 277th in second echelon. The attack began the following day in cooperation with 39th Army. The shock groups forced the defenders back about 1,000 metres on the first day but the commitment of second echelon divisions on December 24 enlarged the penetration to a depth of 2-3km. Despite the arrival of a battlegroup of Feldherrnhalle Panzergrenadier Division on December 25 the entire 33rd Army burst forward from 2-7km, reaching to within 20km of Vitebsk's city center. 33rd Army suffered 33,500 personnel killed, wounded or missing, plus the loss of 34 mortars and 67 guns, in fighting that continued until January 6, 1944.
On January 4 the 153rd was ordered to capture Height 218.4, which dominated the local terrain, as well as German strongpoints at Kosachi, Drynino, and Boboviki. These were defended by the 246th Infantry Division, which had doused the hill with water, creating an ice obstacle. Krasnov chose to attack first with his 557th Rifle Regiment. Following an artillery preparation the forward detachment advanced on January 7 and took the hill, quickly being reinforced by the 563rd Regiment. The hill was held despite counterattacks.
The STAVKA ordered the main offensive to be renewed the next day. 72nd Corps was tasked with widening the penetration and guarding the flank of 33rd Army. The Corps faced a 7km wide sector from Maklaki east to Miafli with the 153rd and 159th Divisions, plus 36th Rifle Brigade, in first echelon, supported by the 213th and 256th Tank Brigades, and the 277th Division in second echelon. Still opposed by the 246th Infantry, the objectives were strongpoints at Dymanovo, Drybino and Krynki, 2-4km from the start line, followed by an exploitation to the southwest to the Vitebsk–Orsha road. By now, all of Sokolovskii's divisions and tank brigades were under 40 percent strength. In two days of heavy fighting the Corps broke the defenses of part of the Feldherrnhalle, crossed the road, captured Dymanovo, and reached the approaches to Sheliai, 4.5km into the German defenses. By late on January 10 it appeared that 5th and 33rd Armies had created conditions for the commitment of 2nd Guards Tank Corps, if a crossing could be forced over the Luchesa River, just 1,000m farther on. However, German reserves were rapidly arriving, blocking any advance beyond Sheliai, and the Corps made no further progress over the next five days. By the end of January 14 the offensive was burned out, with the divisions down to 2,500 - 3,500 personnel each.
Despite the weakness of his forces, the commander of 5th Army, Lt. Gen. N. I. Krylov, stated later:Undoubtedly, the seizure of the Vitebsk-Orsha main road was a major success. At the same time, this situation created certain complications since the enemy continued to hold on to the region around the village of Krynki, situated 5 kilometres east of Dymanovo, which was occupied by our forces. By doing so, he threatened 5th Army's entire left wing with a penetration to the north in the direction of Eremino, which, if carried out, could force our forces to withdraw behind the line of the Vitebsk-Smolensk railroad.Thus, the mission of improving its position now gained far greater importance for 5th Army since only by doing so could we prevent an enemy penetration to the north.He therefore prepared a new offensive to take place on January 15, to the south toward Krynki. Reinforcements from 33rd Army were transferred to 72nd Corps, in addition to several tank corps. The 153rd was not included in the Army's shock group. After several days of heavy fighting this had taken Krynki and gained about 2km east of that place, but Miafli and a section of the railroad remained in German hands when the effort was halted on January 20. Sixteen days of battle had cost Western Front another 25,000 casualties, 5,500 of whom were killed, for a gain of no more than 4km. In a subsequent operation the 153rd's 557th Regiment occupied the village of Gory on January 30, after which the division was withdrawn into reserve.
On February 7 Colonel Krasnov was wounded and hospitalized; he would be in recovery until May 15 and would later lead the 334th Rifle and 33rd Guards Rifle Divisions. He was replaced for a week by Col. Vasilii Aleksandrovich Katyushin, who was in turn replaced on February 15 by Col. Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Shchennikov; this officer had most recently led the 36th Rifle Brigade and the 157th Rifle Division. Three days later the 153rd was pulled back to Staritsa for rebuilding, and on February 25 officially entered 81st Corps of 20th Army in the Reserve of the Supreme High Command.
By the start of May the 153rd had left 20th Army but remained under 81st Corps in the Reserve. On May 28 it returned to the fighting front when this Corps was assigned to 2nd Belorussian Front. Just before the start of the summer offensive the Corps was assigned to 49th Army of that Front. The Front was under command of Col. Gen. G. F. Zakharov, and its primary task in the summer offensive would be the liberation of Mogilev, while also pinning the good-quality divisions of XXXIX Panzer Corps to prevent them reinforcing other sectors. Of the Front's three armies (33rd, 50th, and 49th) the latter had by far the preponderance of forces, as it was intended to take the city and to advance along the one good highway through the marsh country to the west. It faced the 337th and 12th Infantry Divisions.
At 0600 hours on June 22, preceded by a 30-minute artillery barrage, a company from each of the Army's front-line divisions attacked the sectors of the two German divisions to determine the extent of the defenses. During the night of June 22/23, heavy air attacks by 4th Air Army on the German main line of resistance muffled the sound of Soviet tanks and self-propelled guns moving into position. Morning fog delayed the attack until 0700 when a two-hour artillery bombardment successfully silenced the German artillery. Infantry, backed by 200 tanks, jumped off at 0900 in the 337th Infantry's sector, overrunning all three trench lines of the main defense zone, crossing the Pronia River. The 337th lost six artillery batteries, indicating its infantrymen had been overwhelmed before the guns could retreat. By noon the Army had advanced 4-6km, but the tanks and self-propelled guns had difficulty in crossing the Pronia because the two bridges in the area had been demolished.
Late in the day the 49th's advance was halted by counterattacks. Feldherrnhalle Division was ordered to take over and defend a 20km-wide section of the 337th's original sector. Overall, German 4th Army's main defense had been penetrated to a depth of 8km on this sector. The commander of this Army, Gen. K. von Tippelskirch, asked permission to finally abandon the XXXIX Corps bridgehead on the east bank of the Dniepr, but this was denied. On the morning of June 24 the 49th Army, supported by 121st Rifle Corps of 50th Army, renewed the assault against both divisions following a massive 30-minute artillery preparation. By noon a gap in the defense had been opened east of Chernevka; the 337th had lost most of its artillery and was disintegrating, and a forward detachment of 42nd Division, with the rest of 69th Rifle Corps following, reached the town at 1700 and made a crossing of the Basia River. The assault continued the next day at 0600 and by midnight the Army was approaching the Dniepr bridges at Mogilev and crossings began on the morning of June 26.
By that evening the 49th was across the Dniepr in force, and von Tippelskirch was finally given the order to evacuate the east bank of the river, but by this time the five divisions there had been chewed up and could no longer escape. At 0630 on June 27 the Army continued to drive back the remnants of the 337th and Feldherrnhalle north of Mogilev. The only hope left to 4th Army was to retreat faster than the Red Army could follow. On June 28 Mogilev fell to a combined attack by 49th and 50th Armies. On July 10 the 153rd would be awarded the Order of the Red Banner for its part in the liberation of Mogilev, Shklow and Bykhaw and the crossings of the Pronia and Dniepr. At 1745 hours von Tippelskirch was finally ordered to retreat behind the Berezina as quickly as possible due to the disasters that had unfolded at Orsha and Babruysk but this was far too late. By July 1 the division had been transferred to 69th Corps, joining the 42nd Division.
In order to complete the pursuit of the defeated German forces, late on June 28 the STAVKA directed 2nd Belorussian Front to develop a rapid offensive in the direction of Minsk, capture that place, and reach the west bank of the Svislach River no later than July 8, in conjunction with 3rd Belorussian Front. During June 29-30 the 49th forced a crossing of the Drut River and was pursuing along the Mogilev–Minsk road. 4th Army, in its haste to retreat, was only contesting the main roads; the 153rd was able to use forest roads to cover about 50km during these two days. Its forward detachment, consisting of all its motorized transport and weapons, reached the Berezina north of Berezino and forced a crossing off the march while Zakharov's main forces were still 25-30km from the river. On July 1 the 49th's forward detachments encountered stubborn resistance in the Pahost area and were forced to wage heavy fighting to capture the crossings over the Berezina south of Berezino.
On July 3 the Front's pursuit continued. 49th Army completed forcing the Berezina, occupied Byerazino, and advanced another 25-40km to the west. On the same day Minsk was liberated and most of what remained of Army Group Center was completely encircled. On July 9, the Army was tasked with the elimination of this pocket, in what was called the Osovets Offensive. However, on the same date the 69th Corps was transferred to 50th Army, which continued the pursuit toward the Polish frontier.
The forward detachments of 50th Army reached the east bank of the Neman River by the end of July 13, along with the bulk of the forces of 3rd Belorussian Front. Crossing operations began the next day in the sector of 11th Guards Army near Alytus. The German 4th Army and 3rd Panzer Army had more than 10 divisions (including two panzer) and several panzer brigades on defense, with more arriving. On the same day the 3rd Guards Cavalry Corps was fighting in the northern outskirts of Grodno while also forcing the Neman. By 0400 hours on July 16 the 69th Corps, in cooperation with 31st Army's 36th Rifle Corps, had completely cleared the city. As a result, on July 25 the 153rd would be awarded the Order of Kutuzov, 2nd Degree.
By the end of August the division had been withdrawn to the reserves of 2nd Belorussian Front for rest and replenishment. In October it returned to 69th Corps and 50th Army, and it would remain under these commands into peacetime. On November 13 Colonel Shchennikov was hospitalized due to illness, and was replaced by Maj. Gen. Nikolai Kuzmich Maslennikov until December 25, when Col. Aleksandr Aleksandrovich Smirnov took over. This officer had previously served as the division's deputy commander and would remain in command into the postwar.
At the start of the new year the 69th Corps contained the 153rd, 110th, 191st and 324th Rifle Divisions. At the start of the winter offensive the 50th Army was deployed on the right flank of its Front, and had a defensive role in the first days, deployed on a line from Augustów to Osowiec to outside Nowogród. It was not ordered to advance until January 17, and it encountered heavy resistance from German rearguards, slowing its progress. The Army occupied the strongpoints of Arys and Johannisburg, and on January 26 was fighting along a line 8km southeast of Rhein, Ruciane-Nida, Mikołajki and Kerwin Station. According to Stalin's Order No. 258 of January 27 the 153rd was commended for its role in penetrating the pre-WWI German defenses in the Masurian Lake District and capturing a number of towns, including Rastenburg, the site of Hitler's Wolf's Lair headquarters. For this victory the 557th Rifle Regiment and the 1035th Artillery Regiment both received "Masurian" as a battle honor, and on April 5 the 563rd Regiment would be awarded the Order of Suvorov, 3rd Degree, while the 566th Regiment received the Order of Kutuzov in the same Degree. By the end of the month the 191st had been detached from 69th Corps.
By February 8, elements of 50th Army had captured Heilsberg and fully penetrated the German permanent fortifications of East Prussia. The next day 50th Army was ordered to be transferred to 3rd Belorussian Front. At this time the German forces in East Prussia had been split into three groupings with the largest, a total of 14 infantry and two panzer divisions, south and southwest of Königsberg, in the general area of Heiligenbeil. 3rd Belorussian was tasked with destroying this grouping. The Front commander, Army Gen. I. D. Chernyakhovskii, decided to begin with those forces defending a salient in the Preußisch Eylau–Landsberg–Bartenstein area before proceeding in the direction of Heiligenbeil. 50th Army was to advance to the line Finken–Plauten before continuing to Kildenen.
Heavy fighting broke out on February 11 on the front of 50th Army and three other armies of the Front as German forces launched counterattacks based on Wormditt. This battle continued through the following days as the German grouping resisted all efforts to split it into parts and was stalemated until February 16 when the defenders fell back to straighten their lines. Two days later 50th Army was approaching the paved road from Landsberg to Mehlsack, and by February 21 began fighting for Peterswalde. On the same day the STAVKA formed the Zemland Group of Forces, although 50th Army was not yet part of it. From the end of February through the first 10 days of March the Front, now commanded by Marshal A. M. Vasilevskii following the death of Chernyakhovskii, prepared for a renewed offensive with replacements, new equipment, ammunition and other supplies. Most rifle divisions by this time had been reduced to under 3,000 personnel.
3rd Belorussian Front went back to the offensive at 1100 hours on March 13, after a 40-minute artillery preparation. However, 50th Army was in second echelon along with 2nd Guards Army, both of which now prepared for the battle for Königsberg. The 50th had been assigned to a new concentration area on March 8, with 69th Corps along the line Kanditten–Preußisch Eylau–Groß Lindenau–Hohenrade with the intention of concentrating around Trutenau and Praddau. Engineer and construction troops prepared crossings over the Pregel River. On March 14 the Army relieved elements of 39th and 11th Guards Armies along the line Zudau–Pregel River and began preparing for the offensive. For the defense of the city the German command had four well-equipped infantry divisions and several smaller units totaling more than 100,000 officers and men, 850 guns, and up to 60 tanks and assault guns, all of which were deployed in four fortified defensive lines. By the beginning of April the 50th Army had joined the Zemland Group.
The assault would be carried out by the 39th, 43rd, and 50th Armies north of the Pregel and 11th Guards from the south. The shock group of the 50th would be 81st and 124th Rifle Corps on its right flank, with 69th Corps holding along a broad front on the left. The Army was reinforced with the 159th Tank Brigade, three regiments of self-propelled guns, the 2nd Guards Artillery Division, and a variety of other artillery units. The right flank Corps would face the 367th Infantry Division. The artillery preparation began on April 6 at 1030 hours and continued for 90 minutes, when the infantry and tank assault began. By April 10 the last German scattered groups were being mopped up. Despite the 153rd not being included in the assaulting force, the 566th Rifle Regiment (Colonel Poznyakov, Nikolai Nikolaevich) would be awarded the city's name as a battle honor.
Following this battle the division was rested in the suburb of Neuhausen-Tiergarten. The Zemland Group was disbanded on April 26 and 50th Army returned to direct command of 3rd Belorussian Front. When the shooting stopped the men and women of the division shared the full title of 153rd Rifle, Smolensk, Order of the Red Banner, Order of Kutuzov Division. (Russian: 153-я стрелковая Смоленская Краснознамённая ордена Кутузова дивизия.) During July the division took part in an operation to comb through the forests of the Suwałki Region for German stragglers and fugitives. Until September 25 it was stationed in and around Gumbinnen, but on that date it began marching to the railway station at Suwałki for shipment to the USSR. It arrived in the Voroshilovgrad Region, where it was disbanded beginning in February 1946.
Affairs Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of the Soviet Union (1967a). Сборник приказов РВСР, РВС СССР, НКО и Указов Президиума Верховного Совета СССР о награждении орденами СССР частей, соединениий и учреждений ВС СССР. Часть I. 1920 - 1944 гг [Collection of orders of the RVSR, RVS USSR and NKO on awarding orders to units, formations and establishments of the Armed Forces of the USSR. Part I. 1920–1944] (in Russian). Moscow.{{cite book}}: CS1 maint: location missing publisher (link)
Affairs Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of the Soviet Union (1967b). Сборник приказов РВСР, РВС СССР, НКО и Указов Президиума Верховного Совета СССР о награждении орденами СССР частей, соединениий и учреждений ВС СССР. Часть II. 1945 – 1966 гг [Collection of orders of the RVSR, RVS USSR and NKO on awarding orders to units, formations and establishments of the Armed Forces of the USSR. Part II. 1945–1966] (in Russian). Moscow.{{cite book}}: CS1 maint: location missing publisher (link)
Grylev, A. N. (1970). Перечень № 5. Стрелковых, горнострелковых, мотострелковых и моторизованных дивизии, входивших в состав Действующей армии в годы Великой Отечественной войны 1941-1945 гг [List (Perechen) No. 5: Rifle, Mountain Rifle, Motor Rifle and Motorized divisions, part of the active army during the Great Patriotic War 1941–1945] (in Russian). Moscow: Voenizdat. p. 75
Main Personnel Directorate of the Ministry of Defense of the Soviet Union (1964). Командование корпусного и дивизионного звена советских вооруженных сил периода Великой Отечественной войны 1941–1945 гг [Commanders of Corps and Divisions in the Great Patriotic War, 1941–1945] (in Russian). Moscow: Frunze Military Academy. p. 176
A Famous Victory is a game in which a rigid‑line, command‑chit wargame has leaders trigger movement and combat in half‑hour turns as infantry and cavalry grind each other down through disorder‑heavy fire, shock, and varied charge types.
On Thursday 30 May 1929, the 1929 United Kingdom general election was held in Wales, to elect all 615 members of the House of Commons, with 36 constituencies being in Wales. 35 seats represented territorial constituencies contested under the first past the post electoral system, and one additional seat represented the University of Wales which was also contested under the first past the post electoral system.
Overall, the Labour Party under Ramsay MacDonald won the election, winning the most amount of seats in the House of Commons but without an overall majority across the United Kingdom. In Wales, Labour gained Wrexham, Carmarthen and Swansea West from the Liberal Party. It also gained Newport, Brecon and Radnorshire, Llandaff and Barry, Cardiff Central, Cardiff East and Cardiff South from the Conservative Party. Much like the rest of the United Kingdom, the Labour party increased its vote share. The party increased its seat count to a total of 25 seats, returning to its status as holding the majority of seats in Wales which it had lost in the previous election. This Labour Government would only last until 1931, however, following The Great Depression and lacking cabinet support. This would lead to the 1931 United Kingdom general election.
Notably, despite the increase in vote share for Labour at the election, Ramsay MacDonald moved seats from his constituency in Aberavon to the safer seat of Seaham, to avoid a potential highly embarrassing defeat due to the several local issues in the seat. The Labour candidate William Cove, however, retained the seat for the Labour Party with an increased vote share. Cove would hold the seat until 1959.
The Liberal party gained Flintshire and Pembrokeshire from the Conservatives. In addition, incumbent Liberal Member of Parliament Ernest Evans for the University of Wales retained his seat. Overall, the Liberals lost one seat in Wales. As a result of the losses to Labour and the Liberal Party, the Conservatives were reduced to one seat in Wales, only retaining Monmouth.
This was the first election ever contested by the newly formed Plaid Cymru. The party contested the seat of Caernarvonshire, polling 609 votes in the seat and thus placing fourth in the count. It was also the first election in which the Communist Party of Great Britain had stood candidates in Wales, including the General Secretary of the party John Ross Campbell. Notably, the decision to withdraw Campbell's prosecution under the Incitement to Mutiny Act 1797 by Prime Minister MacDonald in 1924 led to the loss of the motion of no confidence, which caused the 1924 United Kingdom general election and ended the first Labour Government. The Communists, however, only received 0.6 per cent of the vote in Wales.
Below is a table summarising the 1929 constituency results for seat of the University of Wales constituency. The Liberal Party retained the seat, bringing the total seats of the Liberal Party to 10 out of the possible 36.
The 2025 Bordeaux P2 (officially 2025 Premier Padel Betclic Bordeaux P2) was the twelfth tournament of the fourth season organized by Premier Padel, the premier padel circuit, promoted by the International Padel Federation, and with the financial backing of Nasser Al-Khelaïfi's Qatar Sports Investments.
In the women's category, for the first time this season, none of the top three pairs in the FIP rankings reached the finals. In the title match, Andrea Ustero and Sofia Araújo defeated Beatriz Caldera and Carmen Goenaga to claim their first title of the season, both as a team and individually.
In the men's category, the top two ranked pairs met in the finals for the fourth time in 2025. In the decisive match, Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello defeated Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto in straight sets, claiming their sixth title of the season.
By winning the tournament alongside Sofia Araújo, Andrea Ustero became the youngest player in history to claim a professional title, at just 18 years, 1 month, and 24 days old. Ustero had already reached two finals last season, finishing as runner-up at the Paris Major alongside Delfina Brea and at the Dubai P1, where she played with Alejandra Alonso.
With this victory, Ustero also surpassed Claudia Fernández, who previously held the record after winning the 2024 Santiago P1 at the age of 18 years, 2 months, and 4 days, alongside Gemma Triay.
The reason for this change lies in the difference in points the three players were defending compared to the same week the previous year. As runners-up at the Genoa P2, Ariana and Paula lost 300 points, whereas Gemma retained her current score, as the points from the 2024 Italian tournament semifinal do not count toward her tally of 22 best results.
With their victory in Bordeaux, Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello not only secured their 35th title as a pair but also improved their head-to-head record against "Chingalán" to 13 wins and 6 losses. By winning the tie-break, they also maintained a perfect record in match-deciding tie-breaks against Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto, having won every tie-break played across their five encounters.
On Wednesday 29 October 1924, the 1924 United Kingdom general election was held in Wales, to elect all 615 members of the House of Commons, with 36 constituencies being in Wales. 35 seats represented territorial constituencies contested under the first past the post electoral system, and one additional seat represented the University of Wales which was also contested under the first past the post electoral system.
Overall, the Conservative Party won the election across the country, as well as seeing the largest increase in vote in Wales. As a result of the election in Wales, much like in the rest of the United Kingdom in this election, the Conservatives had gained the majority of its seats from the Liberal Party. In Wales, the party gained Flintshire, Pembrokeshire, Brecon and Radnorshire and Cardiff East from the Liberal Party. The party also gained Cardiff South from the Labour Party. However, the Labour Party retained its position as the largest party in Wales in number of seats and vote share, though losing its position as holding the majority of seats in Wales.
The Liberal party, however, gained Wrexham and Swansea West from Labour. The Liberal Member of Parliament Rhys Hopkin Morris, who had previously won Cardiganshire as an Independent Liberal in the 1923 United Kingdom general election, joined the Liberal Party benches in 1924. He was re-elected unopposed in the seat, thus representing a gain for the Liberal Party in the constituency. As such, the party lost only one total county and borough seat in Wales. These were the three of the only nine gained seats for the Liberal Party at this election, with only two coming from another party other than the rejoining member Morris. The six other seat gains for the Liberals were in England.
In addition, however, the party had also regained its seat in the University of Wales constituency. Former Liberal Member of Parliament for the seat of Cardiganshire, Ernest Evans, who had been defeated by Morris in the previous election, won the seat from the incumbent Christian Pacifist
member George Davies. Davies had only held the seat for just over 10 months. Evans would hold the seat until 1942, when he was appointed as a County Court judge. With the addition of this seat, the Liberal Party retained an overall 11 seats in Wales.
Below is a table summarising the 1924 constituency results for seat of the University of Wales constituency. The Liberal Party won the seat from the incumbent Christian Pacifist member George Davies, bringing the total seats of the Liberal Party to 11 out of the possible 36.
430–449 Strand is a Grade II* listed Regency office block standing on a triangular plot between the Strand, William IV Street and Adelaide Street. It was built in the 1830s as part of the West Strand Improvements.
The building was part of the West Strand Improvements, a scheme devised by William Lowther as Chief Commissioner of Woods and Forests and directed by James Pennethorne. The building was previously bisected east to west by Lowther Arcade, a popular shopping arcade which became well known in the Victorian era for its toyshops. The north block was also home to the Adelaide Gallery.
Its architectural design is broadly that of John Nash who was responsible for many of the West Strand Improvements, although the arcade that ran through it is broadly credited to Witherdon Young. The arcade was filled in between 1903 and 1904 with designs by John Macvicar Anderson, although these parts have since been replaced.
Coutts bank, considered one of the oldest surviving banks in London, was situated at 59 Strand for nearly two centuries before moving to their current site at 440 Strand in 1904. The glass frontage of Coutts bank along the Strand as well as the recreated Nash design on Adelaide street are 1970s additions.
The majority of the building is of John Nash's typical Regency style. long unified stucco Italianate frontages with pilastered centrepieces. The corners are marked with towers, the south-west particularly pronounced by its two "pepper-pot" towers.
The glass frontage of Coutts as well as the extended interior is by Frederick Gibberd. The construction is often claimed as the first modern atrium building in Britain.
The 1990 Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts election took place on November 6, 1990, to elect the Comptroller of Public Accounts of Texas. The Incumbent Democratic Comptroller Bob Bullock chose to run for lieutenant governor instead of seeking a fifth term. State senator John Sharp won the Democratic primary unopposed. In the general election he faced Republican nominee Warren "Glenn" Harding, Jr., the son of the former State Treasurer, Warren Harding. Sharp won the election by a wide margin and was sworn in as the 35th Comptroller on January 3, 1991.
The 1994 Texas Comptroller of Public Accounts election took place on November 8, 1994, to elect the comptroller of Public Accounts of Texas. Incumbent Democratic comptroller John Sharp ran for a second term. In the Democratic primary, he won the nomination unopposed. Sharp defeated Repubican nominee Teresa Doggett in the general election.
The 2026 Antigua & Barbuda Falcons season is the third season of the franchise in the Caribbean Premier League. The team is captained by Moeen Ali and coached by Paul Nixon.
On 28 April 2026, Cricket West Indies confirmed the full schedule for the tournament, which featured 10 matches for Antigua & Barbuda Falcons to be played across six venues.
The 2026 Sorange coal mine explosion was a deadliest mining accident in recent years which happened on 30 July 2026 at the Sorange coal mine, located in Quetta in Balochistan Province, Pakistan. As a result of a gas explosion in the sorange coal mine, at least 36 miners were killed.
At the moment of explosion there were 42 miners working at the mine, 36 of them were trapped 3,000 to 4,000 feet deep inside tye coal mine. Last two bodies were recovered after 45 hours of the rescue operation.
Following the tragic coal mine disaster in Sorange that claimed the lives of 34 miners, the Balochistan government has ordered a high-level inquiry. The investigation has been handed over to the Chief Minister's Inspection Team (CMIT) to uncover the exact causes of the accident and hold those responsible accountable.
On Thursday 6 December 1923, the 1923 United Kingdom general election was held in Wales, to elect all 615 members of the House of Commons, with 36 constituencies being in Wales. 35 seats represented territorial constituencies contested under the first past the post electoral system, and one additional seat represented the University of Wales which was also contested under the first past the post electoral system.
The election led to an overall drop in seats for the Conservative Party, with the Liberal Party and Labor taking seats across the United Kingdom. The election saw the formation of the first Labour Government under Prime Minister Ramsay MacDonald, with the support of the reunited Liberal Party under H. H. Asquith; however, the Labour Government would only survive a year, owning to a vote of confidence the following year.
The Liberal Party, which had reunited on 13 November 1923 under the leadership of H. H. Asquith, increased its number of seats to 11 seats in total in Wales. The party retained Anglesey. The former National Liberal Party had gained the seat in the 1923 Anglesey by-election after the death of incumbent Independent Labour Member of Parliament Owen Thomas, and had subsequently reunited with the Liberal Party. The retention represented a gain from the previous election. The party also gained Caernarvonshire from the Labour Party and Cardiff East from the Conservative Party.
Conversely, Rhys Hopkin Morris, who was initially a member of the Liberal Party, stood in and won the seat of Cardiganshire. Morris had previous run in the seat in 1922 as a member of Liberal Party, narrowly losing it to then National Liberal member Ernest Evans. In this election, Morris ran against Evans, despite Evans returning to the Liberal Party along with all other former Liberal National Members of Parliament in Wales, surprisingly winning the seat against him. Morris would, however, return of the Liberal Party benches in 1924.
The Labour Party gained Swansea West from the Liberals, which was initially held by the dissolved National Liberal Party, representing a loss of the reunited Liberal Party. It also gained Cardiff South from the Conservative Party. Combined with this loss, the Conservatives lost a total of two seats to both Labour and the Liberal Party.
Within the University of Wales constituency, the National Liberal Party had dissolved. The Liberal Party and an Independent Liberal stood in the seat, however it was won by Christian Pacifist candidate George Davies. Davies would go on to take the Labour Party whip, despite never joining the party.
Below is a table summarising the 1923 constituency results for seat of the University of Wales constituency. The independent candidate George Davies won the seat from the National Liberal Party, leaving the Liberal Party on a total of 11 seats, and bringing the total seats in Wales to 36.
The Shakhtar Stadium explosion was a terrorist attack that occurred on the evening of 15 October 1995, at Shakhtar Stadium in Donetsk. The explosion was intended to assassinate Akhat Bragin, the president of FC Shakhtar Donetsk and a crime boss; the investigation attributed the attack to the organized crime group of Yevhen Kushnir. During a Ukrainian Premier League match between Shakhtar and Tavriya Simferopol, an explosion occurred in the stadium's VIP box—an improvised explosive device, previously placed under a step in a service passageway, was detonated. The blast killed 6 people, including Bragin, and injured 3 others.
Before the fatal explosion at the Shakhtar stadium, at least two unsuccessful attempts on Akhat Bragin's life are known. In 1994 Bragin and his family were living in Pisky near Donetsk when, on 19 March, unknown persons opened fire on his house. Bragin himself was unharmed, having hidden in a dovecote. After the incident Bragin moved out of the residence, settled in the “Lux” hotel (where his main office was located), and reinforced his personal security.
Another attempt was planned for 8 May 1994: along the route used by Bragin's car in Donetsk, police discovered a truck carrying grenade launchers, with which Bragin's motorcade was to be ambushed.
Preparations to murder Akhat Bragin began around mid‑September. At the entrance to the VIP box, members of a criminal group – Andriy Akulov and Ihor Fylypenko – hollowed out a niche roughly 40×30×20 cm in the concrete base under one of the steps. An improvised explosive device – a plywood box measuring 10×20×10 cm containing about 5 kg of plastic explosive – was placed inside, triggered by a remote detonator. The opening was cemented over and disguised with a wooden cover on the step.
The organizers intended to carry out the attack during Shakhtar's match against Brugge in the 1995–96 UEFA Cup Winners' Cup, but for unknown reasons Bragin missed his team's European tie, although he normally attended every game. The terrorist act was postponed to the next match when Bragin would be present, even though the organizers feared the attempt might fail because the batteries of the detonator could become damp and lose their charge by then.
On 15 October, in a Ukrainian championship fixture, Shakhtar hosted Tavriya Simferopol. The match kicked off at 17:00, but only six minutes later (according to other sources, at 17:02 or 17:03) spectators and players heard an explosion and saw smoke in one of the stands. According to Hennadiy Orbu, the game was stopped a few minutes later when the crowd panicked and started running onto the pitch (players, referees and most fans probably mistook the blast for a firecracker set off by ultras). The players learned that the club president had been murdered only in the dressing room, from Shakhtar vice‑president Ravil Safiullin.
According to the investigation, Ihor Fylypenko, disguised in a police uniform, detonated the explosive while on the stadium tribune. Major of militsiya Viacheslav Synenko ensured the perpetrator's escape from the crime scene. The investigation named Vadym Bolotskykh as the organizer of the crime, although he himself named the leaders of the criminal group Kushnir and Riabin as the organizers, and insisted on his own non‑involvement. According to his testimony, ten members of Yevhen Kushnir's group were directly involved in the assassination attempt at the stadium; other gang members were stationed along Bragin's car route and relayed information about his movements.
The explosion in the VIP box caused the deaths of Akhat Bragin and five others close to him (including bodyguards); two more people from his entourage and a buffet worker, who was on the other side of the wall at the moment of the blast, were injured. The investigation noted that the assassination attempt was organized by professional explosives experts, as it was aimed precisely at Bragin, leaving him no chance of survival: only a severed hand with a Rolex watch and a cigarette lighter remained of Bragin.
Five days after the explosion, the newspaper Dzerkalo Tyzhnia, citing an unnamed people's deputy, published four versions of Bragin's liquidation that were being worked on by the investigation:
Yuriy Lutsenko, who served as Minister of Internal Affairs and Prosecutor General, indicated in an interview with the portal Lb.ua that law enforcement officers were indirectly involved. Bragin allegedly wanted to buy a Stinger missile to shoot down the plane carrying Yevhen Shcherban, so law enforcement hinted to the criminal world that there would be serious consequences if Bragin carried out his plan.
A criminal case was opened under Articles 17 (Liability for preparation of a crime and for attempted crime) and 93, subsections a, h, e (premeditated murder under aggravating circumstances) of the Criminal Code of Ukraine.
Most members of Yevhen Kushnir's criminal group had disappeared or been killed in gangland conflicts by the end of 1998, specifically Andrii Akulov and Ihor Fylypenko died in 1998. Only two surviving participants were brought to trial: the organizer of the murder, Vadym Bolotskykh ("Moskvich"), and former police major Viacheslav Synenko.
In the early 2000s, Vadym Bolotskykh was detained; according to another version, he voluntarily surrendered to the General Prosecutor's Office of Ukraine, confessing to involvement in a number of high-profile murders, including the murders of Yevhen Shcherban and Akhat Bragin. At trial, Bolotskykh initially admitted that he had advised the perpetrators and was himself near the stadium to coordinate the attack, but later recanted his testimony, claiming he had incriminated himself under pressure. In 2003, Bolotskykh was sentenced to life imprisonment; he served his sentence in a colony in Luhansk Oblast. The investigation was unable to prove the contract nature of any of the murders, as Bolotskykh did not admit to receiving payment, explaining his actions as a desire to free the Ukrainian people from the influence of the rich.
Viacheslav Synenko retired in 1997 and later moved with his family to Greece, where he was detained in 2001 at the request of Ukraine to Interpol and extradited in 2005. In February 2007, Synenko was sentenced to life imprisonment and ordered to pay compensation of 50,000 hryvnias to each of two families of the victims, but the following year the case was referred by the Supreme Court to the Donetsk Oblast Court of Appeal, citing insufficient evidence for certain episodes. In 2009, Viacheslav Synenko was released and the case was sent for reinvestigation. On 14 December 2010, the General Prosecutor's Office completed the investigation into the murder of Bragin and transferred it for consideration to the Voroshylovskyi District Court of Donetsk.
During the trial, Synenko claimed that the case against him had been fabricated. He stated that the Donetsk police had cooperated with local criminals, which he had reported to journalist Ihor Aleksandrov. Because of his unwillingness to be involved in unlawful acts, Synenko was allegedly forced into retirement; after an attempt on his life in May 1998, he moved with his family to Athens, where he lived from 1999 to 2004.
"The 1995 Shakhtar vs. Tavriya match was interrupted in the 6th minute. A terrorist attack occurred at the stadium in Donetsk". UA-Football. 2020-05-07. Retrieved 2022-10-14.
Mykhailo Yukhymenko (2020-10-16). ""Akhat Bragin's Shakhtar": how the "miners" first soared to the top, why "Alik the Greek" was blown up, and what Rinat Akhmetov has to do with it". Brutal Football. Retrieved 2022-10-14.
The 2026–27 Kuwaiti Premier League (also known as Zain Premier League) is the 65th edition of the Kuwait Premier League, the top-tier of Kuwaiti football, since being established in 1961. Kuwait are the 5-time defending champions.
The 1861 Venezuelan coup d'état was a coup d'état carried out by former president José Antonio Páez against the interim government of Pedro Gual from within his own Conservative Party during the Federal War.
After the fall of the government of Julián Castro during the Federal War, Pedro Gual and Manuel Felipe de Tovar briefly assumed the presidency of the country. The Conservative Party was divided between those who supported a civilian direction and those who supported a military direction for the nation. José Antonio Páez returned to Venezuela in March 1861; President Tovar resigned and Pedro Gual assumed office again.
On August 19, 1861, a movement of Páez supporters rose up in Valencia against the government of Gual. Colonel Manuel Echezuría then took Caracas with this armed movement and placed President Gual under arrest on the 29th of that month, thus consummating a coup d'état.
The 70th BFI London Film Festival will take place from 7 to 18 October 2026. The opening night gala on 7 October will open with Elsinore by Simon Stone, a biographical drama film about Scottish actor Ian Charleson, marking its European premiere. The closing night gala will close with American musical comedy film The Debut by Jesse Eisenberg making its United Kingdom premiere at the Southbank Centre's Royal Festival Hall on October 18.
The 2026–27 UCF Knights women's basketball team will represent the University of Central Florida during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Knights will be led by first-year head coach Gabe Lazo, and will play their home games at the Addition Financial Arena in Orlando, Florida as a member of the Big 12 Conference.
The Knights finished the 2025–26 season 11–19 overall and 3–15 in Big 12 play, to finish in a tie for fourteenth in the conference with Arizona. As the No. 15 seed in the Big 12 tournament, they lost in the first round to No. 11 Kansas. Their 11–19 record was their worst in a decade, when the 2015–16 team went 7–23.
On March 30, 2026, head coach Sytia Messer was fired after four seasons with the program, in which she went 49–69 and never posted a winning record. Five days later on April 4, the program announced the hiring of Tennessee assistant coach Gabe Lazo as the team's new head coach. He had previously been announced as a new assistant coach for LSU on March 31, but decided not to join the team to become the head coach at UCF.
The 2026 Namibia T20I Tri-Nation Series also known as FNB T20 Tri-Series, will be an international cricket series scheduled to take place in Namibia from 28 August to 6 September 2026. It will be a tri-nation Twenty20 International (T20I) series contested by the men's national teams of Namibia, South Africa and Zimbabwe. All matches will be played at the Namibia Cricket Ground, Windhoek. In August 2026, Cricket Namibia confirmed the fixtures for the tri-series.
25 January – Boko Haram insurgency: At least 28 are killed and 65 wounded in a series of suicide bombing attacks targeting the village of Bodo in the Far North Region.
19 February – At least 22 people are killed in two suicide bombings targeting the market and a nearby school in the village of Meme.
31 March – Boko Haram insurgency: The Cameroon Armed Forces, in coordination with the Nigerian Armed Forces, announce the launch of Operation Tentacle against Boko Haram strongholds in Nigeria near the Cameroonian border.
18 April – Birwe Toussem, a seven-year-old boy, is hit and killed by an armoured jeep in the motorcade of UN ambassador Samantha Power near the city of Mokolo. Power met with Toussem's parents and expressed her condolences. Toussem's family is later compensated with F.CFA6 million (about US$10,000), alongside cows, food, and supplies from the United States and the Cameroonian government in June 2016.
14 May – Boko Haram insurgency: The Cameroonian government announces that five Boko Haram leaders were arrested and at least 48 captives freed during anti-insurgency operations in Madawaya forest.
26 May – The Cameroonian government announces the reappearance of the H5N1 Influenza virus in the country, reporting that at least 15,000 birds have been killed by the virus since 22 May.
21 August – Boko Haram insurgency: Three people are killed and several are injured after a suicide bombing targeting the market in the village of Mora.
8 December – 2016–17 Cameroonian protests: four people are killed in Bamenda after security forces fire tear gas and live rounds into a crowd of protestors blocking a CPDM party meeting.
The 2026–27 Kansas State Wildcats women's basketball team will represent Kansas State University in the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Wildcats will be led by 13th-year head coach Jeff Mittie, and will play their home games at the Bramlage Coliseum in Manhattan, Kansas as a member of the Big 12 Conference.
The Wildcats finished the 2025–26 season 19–18 overall and 8–10 in Big 12 play, to finish in a tie for eleventh in the conference along with rival Kansas. As the No. 12 seed in the Big 12 tournament, they defeated defeating No. 13 Cincinnati in the first round, upsetting No. 5 Texas Tech 58–51 and No. 4 Oklahoma State 74–73 in the second round and quarterfinals respectively, before falling to top-seeded TCU in the semifinals. They became the lowest seed to make it to the semifinals in tournament history.
Following their unprecedented tournament run and eventual elimination, the Wildcats earned an at-large bid to the WBIT, where they were seeded No. 2 in the North Dakota State Bracket. They narrowly defeated unseeded Georgia Tech 69–65 in the first round, before falling to No. 3 California in the second round.
2025 Super Rugby AUS is the second edition of Australia's national rugby union competition, Super Rugby AUS, organised by Rugby Australia (RA), involving four of Australia's Super Rugby teams: the Brumbies, the Force, the Reds and the Waratahs. The season is scheduled to begin on 12 September and finish 3 October 2026 with the Grand Final between first and second.
The schedule and format was announced in early August 2026, and remained unchanged from the previous season: a single round-robin format during the regular season, with each team playing the other three teams once across three rounds. Following the conclusion of the round-robin stage, the top two teams on the competition ladder advance to a single Grand Final, to be held on Saturday, 3 October 2026.
In the schedule announcement, all venues was confirmed. The Brumbies would host their first round fixture against the Waratahs at Bungendore Sports Hub in Bungendore on the outskirts of the Australian Capital Territory. Their second venue was Viking Park in Wanniassa. The Force, whom had a reduced amount of home games from the previous season, host the Brumbies at Halesworth Park in Perth's Butler suburb, the home ground of the North Coast Rugby Union Football Club. The Reds host two games, one a their headquarters: Ballymore Stadium, Herston, and their second round clash against the Waratahs at Gallas Fox Park in Queensland's Maranoa Region. The match and venue were confirmed in June 2026 and form a larger partnership between the New South Wales Rugby Union and the Queensland Rugby Union with Santos, and is part of the annual "Festival of Rugby" event. The venue had previously held Reds pre-season trials. The Waratahs' sole home game was at Pittwater Park, Warriewood.
The 31st Busan International Film Festival (Korean: 제31회 부산국제영화제) will be held from October 6 to October 15, 2026, at the Busan Cinema Center in Busan. Kim Min-ha, South Korean actress will be the host of the opening ceremony on October 6.
Michelle Yeoh, Malaysian actress will be honoured with The Asian Filmmaker of the Year Award, whereas Ann Hui will receive the Camellia Award honoring her lifelong contributions to elevating women in cinema. The festival will open with 2026 South Korean romantic drama anthology film The Table: Day and Night by Kim Jong-kwan.
The festival is classified as 'A'-list festival from 2026, joining prestigious competitive festivals such as Cannes, Berlin, Venice, Locarno and San Sebastian, under the revamped accreditation process by the International Federation of Film Producers' Associations.
The winner of the Busan Award – Best Film Award of the festival's Competition section, has been included in a new eligibility pathway for the Academy Award for International Feature Film. As per The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences revised rules, films awarded the Golden Bear for Best Film, Busan Award - Best Film Award, Palme d’Or, World Cinema Grand Jury Prize, Platform Prize and Golden Lion are eligible for consideration in the International Feature Film category without the need for official national selection.
This year's official poster also crafted by art director Choi Soon-dae encapsulates 30 years of shared passion between audiences and filmmakers. The core motif of the poster is a "group portrait," capturing the audience who attended last year's festival. The Art Director Choi said, "What has completed the film festival is always the presence of the audience filling the seats."
The opening ceremony of the festival will be held on October 6, at the Busan Cinema Center Outdoor Theater in Haeundae. The event will be hosted by actress Kim Min-ha. Ann Hui will receive the 2026 Camellia Award at the opening ceremony honoring her lifelong contributions to elevating women in cinema.
In a special program in collaboration with the Korean Film Archive to revisit the life of actor Ahn Sung-ki, who died in January 2026, the festival will run 6 films.
The 21st edition of film market, a parallel event of the festival will run from from October 10 to 13 at the Exhibition Center 2, of the Busan Exhibition and Convention Center, Busan. Japan is selected as the "Country of the Year – Producer Hub", as such ten Japanese producers will visit the market to introduce their country's projects and explore cooperation from producers of the various nations.
Beat the Boots! III is a series of compilation albums by Frank Zappa, released as MP3 downloads in 2009 by Zappa Records, following 1991's Beat the Boots! and 1992's Beat the Boots! #2. The series consists of six separate "discs" containing material from various bootleg albums and box sets that were originally distributed illegally prior to this series of official releases.
Disc five: tracks 1-3 from Son of Pigs & Repugnant, tracks 4-5 from Zut Alors, tracks 6-10 from The Rondo Hatton Band. Tracks 6-9 also from Around the World.
Proposition 1 appeared on the November 3, 1914, ballot in the state of Texas as a legislatively referred constitutional amendment. The amendment proposed that citizens of Texas be given the ability to initiate state laws by gathering the signatures of twenty percent of voters, and thereafter by having the petition be decided by all voters via referendum. The amendment also would have allowed for veto referendums with the same 20% signature requirement. The measure narrowly failed, with about 51.7% of voters opposed.
Senate Joint Resolution No. 12 (SJR 12) placed the amendment on the ballot. The Texas Senate passed SJR 12 by a 21–7 vote on March 3, 1913, and the Texas House, on March 31, passed SJR 12, with amendments to the resolution, by a 98–29 vote. The Texas Senate concurred with the House's amendments by a 23–6 vote the same day, March 31. The House's change to the resolution was authored by Representative Tarver; it deleted from the resolution language stating that the power to enact or reject laws was "independent of the legislature".
When adopted by the Texas House, some representatives wrote a reason for their vote in the House Journal; Representative Taylor said he voted in favor so that the people could decide the issue themselves, but that he reserved to himself "the right to vote and work against its adoption." Representative Lane also voted in favor but believed that the amendment was an "impracticable and dangerous experiment".
The requirement to gather 20% of Texas voters' signatures would have been the highest number of signatures needed for the initiative and referendum process compared to any other state.
On the ballot, voters were provided with the following two options:For the amendment to Section 1, of Article 3, of the Constitution of the State of Texas, providing for the initiative and referendum.Against the amendment to Section 1, Article 3, of the Constitution of the State of Texas, providing for the initiative and referendum.
The measure proposed that constitution be amended to add Section 1 to Article 3:Section 1. The legislative power of this State shall be vested in a Senate and House of Representatives, which, together, shall be styled “The Legislature of the State of Texas,” but the people reserve to themselves, power, as herein provided, to propose laws and to enact or reject the same at the polls, and to approve or reject at the polls any law, or any part of any law, enacted by the Legislature. The Legislature shall provide by law for submitting to the vote of the people, upon the petition of twenty per cent. of the qualified voters of the State the enactment of laws and the approval or rejection of any law enacted by the Legislature.
134 counties voted in favor of the amendment, 108 counties voted against, 9 counties cast no votes, and Hutchinson County's vote was tied. The highest level of support came from Winkler County, with 100% of its 3 votes cast in favor, and the lowest level came from Willacy County, with 3.23% of its votes in favor.
Five congressional districts voted in favor, and 11 voted against. District 12 had the highest percentage of votes in favor, with 55.59% in favor, and District 10 had the lowest, with 36.77% in favor. A map showing the districts in effect at the time of the referendum can be viewed here.
In general, urban voters backed the amendment, while rural voters opposed it. Analysis from newspapers shows that rural voters may have been what caused the amendment to fail.
The 2013 Firestone Freedom 100 was a Firestone Indy Lights motor race held on May 24, 2013, at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana. It was the fourth of 12 races in the 2013 Firestone Indy Lights and the 11th running of the event. The 40-lap race was won by Belardi Auto Racing driver Peter Dempsey. Gabby Chaves finished second for Schmidt Peterson Motorsports, partnered with Curb–Agajanian, and his teammate Sage Karam was third.
Carlos Muñoz led the Drivers' Championship before the race. Karam earned the first pole position of his career by putting down the fastest two-lap cumulative time of qualifying. He led the race until Muñoz overtook him on lap 13. Muñoz led a total of 27 laps, the most of any driver, but Karam remained close to his rear. On the final lap, Karam drove to the right side of Muñoz on the back stretch and Chaves made the same passing maneuver on him at the entry to the third turn. Dempsey gained a draft from Chaves' car, which allowed him to pass all three drivers and achieve his sole Firestone Indy Lights win with a 0.0026-second margin of victory over Chaves, the closest in the track's history. Muñoz continued leading the Drivers' Championship; Dempsey and Chaves assumed the next two positions in the standings, displacing Karam and Jack Hawksworth with eight races left in the season.
The Freedom 100 was introduced to the Firestone Indy Lights schedule in 2003. It was originally held on the second weekend of Indianapolis 500 qualifications, but because of poor attendance rates, it was moved to Carb Day – the Friday before the Indianapolis 500 – in 2005 and quickly became a success among fans. It was considered the series' crown jewel event because it allowed drivers to showcase their talent to teams of the top-level IndyCar Series. Since 2008, the race had been known as the Firestone Freedom 100 after tire supplier Firestone signed on as its title sponsor.
The event's 11th annual iteration was included as the fourth of 12 open-wheel car races in the 2013 Firestone Indy Lights. It was held on Friday, May 24, 2013, at Indianapolis Motor Speedway in Speedway, Indiana and ran for a total of 40 laps over a distance of 100 miles (160 km). The track layout used for the Freedom 100 is a four-turn, 2.5 mi (4.0 km)-long oval track with banking of nine degrees and 12 minutes in each of the turns. The front stretch (where the start-finish line is located) and the back stretch are not banked. Heading into the race, Carlos Muñoz led the Drivers' Championship with 133 points, ahead of Jack Hawksworth with 112 and Sage Karam with 102. Gabby Chaves was fourth on 99 points, and Peter Dempsey and Jorge Goncalvez shared fifth place with 90 points each.
There were 11 cars entered for the race, all of which used Dallara IP2 chassis, Infiniti engines, and Firestone tires. Three of the cars made their season debuts in the Freedom 100. United States Auto Club veteran and Purdue University student Jimmy Simpson partnered with Team Moore Racing for his first Firestone Indy Lights race. Team owner Mark Moore likened him to Indy car racing champions A. J. Foyt and Tony Stewart because of his versatility in different types of racing cars. Kyle O'Gara joined Sarah Fisher Hartman Racing, a team owned by his sister-in-law Sarah Fisher, in partnership with Schmidt Peterson Motorsports, and tested an Indy Lights car at Auto Club Speedway in April. Chase Austin, who achieved two consecutive top-ten results in the past two editions of the Freedom 100, drove a car fielded by Bryan Herta Autosport and Jeffrey Mark Motorsports. Muñoz was the only driver in the field, and the fourth in history, to compete in the Freedom 100 and the Indianapolis 500 on the same weekend. All 11 entries took part in an open test on May 2, which began at 8:00 a.m. Eastern Daylight Time (UTC−04:00) and ended at 5:00 p.m. Zach Veach was the quickest overall driver of the test with a speed of 190.045 miles per hour (305.848 km/h), besting the speeds of O'Gara, Muñoz, Dempsey, and Karam.
One 180-minute practice session on Thursday morning preceded the Friday race. After overnight showers dampened the track, the start of the session was delayed by 21 minutes in order to clear it. Rain returned 47 minutes in, forcing IndyCar (the series' governing body) to cancel the rest of the session. Karam was the session's quickest driver with a lap time of 47.3732 seconds, ahead of O'Gara, Muñoz, Chaves, and Dempsey.
The light rain that brought an early end to the practice session persisted into the afternoon and pushed the 60-minute qualifying session back three hours from its scheduled start time. During qualifications, each driver was required to complete two timed laps, and their starting position would be determined by their cumulative time. With a time of 1 minute and 35.1160 seconds, Karam achieved the first pole position of his career in his maiden start on an oval track, becoming the first American driver to win the pole for the Freedom 100 since Ken Losch in 2007. He was joined on the grid's front row by Muñoz, who was 0.0703 seconds slower. Chaves, Hawksworth, O'Gara, Veach, Juan Pablo García, Austin, Goncalvez, and Simpson took the remaining positions on the grid. After qualifying, Karam described his pole as a "surprise" because his team was primarily focused on his car's setup for the race.
The 40-lap race began at 12:30 p.m. local time and was televised live in the United States on NBCSN. The weather conditions towards the start of the race were sunny, with an air temperature of 58 °F (14 °C) and a track temperature of 97 °F (36 °C). Simpson spun in turn one on the second and final warm-up lap, but continued. Karam maintained his lead at the start of the race, while Dempsey overtook Muñoz for second place in the first turn. Muñoz reclaimed the position with a maneuver off of turn four. The first caution flag of the race was issued on the second lap when O'Gara spun into the turn four SAFER barrier, sustaining damage to the nose of his car. He resultantly retired from the race. Green-flag racing resumed on the sixth lap, during which Veach claimed fourth place from Chaves and drove alongside third-place Dempsey. By the 11th lap, however, Chaves made his way up to third.
Muñoz used Karam's slipstream to remain close to the rear of his car, and on lap 13, he completed a pass for the lead in the first and second turns. However, the two drivers raced nose-to-tail over the next 26 laps, as Muñoz was never able to pull more than a tenth of a second clear of Karam. The top-five drivers (Muñoz, Karam, Chaves, Dempsey, and Veach) also stayed within less than a second of each other without changing positions. Meanwhile, Hawksworth became the race's second retiree, having suffered damage to his suspension after hitting the turn-two barrier on the 14th lap. Austin also collided with the wall in turn one three laps later, but carried on in the race.
Muñoz considered giving up the lead to Karam with two laps to go in order to pick up a slipstream, but ultimately stayed put. At the beginning of the final lap, Muñoz led Karam by 0.0914 seconds. On the back stretch, Karam drove alongside Muñoz in an attempt to overtake him, and Chaves drove to Karam's outside to set up a three-wide finish through the third and fourth turns. Approaching the checkered flag, Dempsey steered to the inside before drafting off of Chaves to surge by the three leaders on the outermost lane. He raised his left hand in celebration as he took his first Firestone Indy Lights victory in his 20th start. The margin of victory between Dempsey and Chaves was 0.0026 seconds (8.47 inches (215 mm)), the closest finish in the 104-year history of Indianapolis Motor Speedway and the second-closest in series history. Karam and Muñoz were relegated to third and fourth place, respectively. The last classified finishers were Veach, Goncalvez, Simpson, Austin, and Garcia. There were two lead changes between three different drivers during the race. Muñoz led 27 laps, more than any other driver, while Dempsey only led the final lap.
In an interview after the race, Dempsey said: "Beers are on me tonight. I said it before the race, it’s 40 laps and you go around in circles, but there’s no better place to do that than in Indianapolis Motor Speedway." He thanked his spotter, former Firestone Indy Lights driver Stefan Wilson, for guiding him to the race victory, "I’m glad he spoke to me as much as he did. He won the race for me. He said be patient, get us across the line. They’re going to spread out and you’ll sneak up on them. He’s never won here with himself, but I definitely owe him this one." Second-place Chaves described his thoughts as he reached the finish: "I thought it was going to be three-wide to the finish and all of a sudden here comes Peter [Dempsey] and I'm thinking, oh my gosh, how can I make my car wider?" Karam, in third, called the race "strategic" and believed that "[he] just put [him]self into position to win it." As a result of the race, Muñoz maintained his Drivers' Championship lead with 167 points, while Dempsey was promoted to second place with 140, as did Chaves to third with 139. Karam, on 138 points, dropped to fourth place, and Hawksworth was demoted three positions to fifth on 132 points as eight races remained in the season.
The women's triple jump at the 2026 European Athletics Championships took place over two rounds at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 10 and 13 August 2026.
For the women's triple jump, the qualification period was from 27 July 2025 to 26 July 2026. Athletes qualified by achieving the entry standard of 14.20 m or better, by wildcard for the 2024 European Athletics Champion (not used since Ana Peleteiro-Compaoré will not participate), or by their position on the World Athletics Rankings for the event. The target number was 30 athletes.
The qualification round was held on 10 August 2026, at 19:54 in the evening. All athletes meeting the Qualification Standard (Q) of 14.15 m or at least 12 best performers (q) advanced to the final.
The men's long jump at the 2026 European Athletics Championships took place over two rounds at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 10 and 11 August 2026.
For the men's long jump, the qualification period was from 27 July 2025 to 26 July 2026. Athletes qualified by achieving the entry standard of 8.05 m or better, by wildcard for the 2024 European Athletics Champion, or by their position on the World Athletics Rankings for the event. The target number was 30 athletes.
The qualification round was held on 10 August 2026, at 11:30 in the morning. All athletes meeting the Qualification Standard (Q) of 8.15 m or at least 12 best performers (q) advanced to the final.
The men's pole vault at the 2026 European Athletics Championships took place over two rounds at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 14 and 16 August 2026.
For the men's pole vault, the qualification period was from 27 July 2025 to 26 July 2026. Athletes qualified by achieving the entry standard of 5.82 m or better, by wildcard for the 2024 European Athletics Champion, or by their position on the World Athletics Rankings for the event. The target number was 30 athletes.
The qualification round was held on 14 August 2026, at 11:05 in the morning. All athletes meeting the Qualification Standard (Q) of 5.80 m or at least 12 best performers (q) advanced to the final.
Prior to the station's closure, it was the final station before the Węgliniec–Roßlau railway entered Germany, the site of the former station is now a rail junction.
The station was opened by Prussian State Railways on 1 June 1874 as Nieder-Bielau. After World War II, the area came under Polish administration. As a result, the station was taken over by Polish State Railways and was renamed to Biała Dolna, which was renamed to its modern name, Bielawa Dolna, in 1947.
Passenger trains continued to serve the station after the war, until 14 May 1949 when the station closed. The disused platforms were demolished in 2006 during the modernisation of the E30 main line (part of which was the Węgliniec–Roßlau railway), which included the electrification and double-tracking of the line.
The 2004 Council of the District of Columbia election was held on November 2, with primaries taking place on September 14. Half of the councilmembers up for re-election were defeated in their primaries, specifically At-large Councilmember Harold Brazil, Ward 7 Councilmember Kevin Chavous, and Ward 8 Councilmember Sandy Allen.
Democrats retained their 11 seats and remained the largest party on the Council, with no seats being lost to other parties or independents. Republicans kept their single seat following David Catania's decision to leave the party and become an independent in the summer of 2004.
No opponents filed at any level for the Ward 4 seat, with the election being merely a formality to future mayor Adrian Fenty's bid for a second term.
Former mayor Marion Barry returned to District government as the Ward 8 Councilmember, roundly beating incumbent Sandy Allen in the Democratic primary and cruising to victory in the general election. Allen had been endorsed by the entire Council except for Vincent Orange along with multiple former Councilmembers.
The 1979 Mississippi State Bulldogs baseball team represented the Mississippi State University in the 1979 NCAA Division I baseball season. They were led by head coach Ron Polk in his fourth season and played their home games at Dudy Noble Field. The Bulldogs were members of the Southeastern Conference, and finished with a record of 48–12, champions of the SEC West with a record of 17–2 and winners of the SEC Tournament.
Mississippi State was invited to the NCAA Tournament, where they won the South Regional to advance to their second College World Series. The Bulldogs tied for fifth, recording an opening round win against eventual champion Cal State Fullerton and losses to semifinalist Texas and third place Pepperdine.
Between July 15 and early August 2015, the Chadian army launched an offensive against the Islamic State – West Africa Province in Chadian areas of Lake Chad.
Boko Haram, known after March 7, 2015 as the Islamic State's West Africa Province (ISWAP), first attacked Chadian territory in March at the battle of Ngouboua, killing several Chadian soldiers and several dozen civilians. In May they attacked Choua, but were repulsed by Chadian soldiers. Two months later in July, ISWAP militants attacked the heavily-guarded island of Koumguia, resulting in another defeat.
The Chadian army launched the offensive on July 15 against the islands of Koungya, Merikouta, Choua, and Blarigui. Before scouting for ISWAP, the army embarked to evacuate all of the civilians on the islands. By the end of July, 90% of the civilian population had been evacuated and over 1,000 soldiers were deployed across the islands.
On July 25, ISWAP began harassing Chadian forces in the villages of Medi, Blarigui, and on Fitine island. In a skirmish at Midi Koutou, one Chadian soldier was killed as well as six jihadists. Another 15 jihadists were wounded in the skirmish, and retreated with at least 30 women and children. Two days later on July 27, one of the ISWAP columns was intercepted southeast of Baga Sola, and the fighting lasted until the evening. Three Chadian soldiers were killed along with thirteen jihadists in this battle.
On July 31, the Chadian government announced it had killed 117 jihadists in two weeks of fighting, at the cost of two soldiers killed and two wounded. The following week on August 5, seven jihadists were killed and several more wounded in a clash on the island of Tchoukou Dallah.
Thomas Gartner, one of the coordinators of OCHA, stated on August 9 that since July 15, 80,000 people had been displaced as a result of the offensive. Gartner also said that 60 civilians had been killed and 120 others had been abducted.
During the summer of 1981 the club reinforced its core with several players: centre back defender Vierchowod, a then-unknown young Massaro and Pecci for the midfield, and striker Graziani also from Torino, the outcome was a squad challenging Juventus and its dynasty for the first time in a decade. However, franchise star midfielder Antognoni, was injured by the Genoa Goalkeeper Silvano Martina shrinking the chances for the trophy.
Manager Giancarlo De Sisti and the team after delivered a decent season arrived for the last round with 44 points in an exciting race tied in first place with Juventus. The squad lost the league title after a 0-0 draw in Cagliari finishing as Runners-up.
Aleksandra Isaeva (Ukrainian: Олександра Ісаєва; born 21 July 2004) is a Ukrainian dancer and choreographer, known for appearing as a professional dancer on the BBC competition series Strictly Come Dancing since 2026.
Isaeva was born on 21 July 2004 in Ukraine. She is a multiple Ukrainian National Latin Champion has is ranked in the World's Top 21 Latin dancers. Isaeva has reached top 10 positions at both the European Latin Championships in Blackpool and the Dutch Open's World Latin Dance Competition, as well as becoming a finalist at the UK Dance Festival's Latin Rising Star competition. Isaeva resides in Italy.
In July 2026, Isaeva was announced to be joining the twenty-fourth series of the British version of Strictly Come Dancing as a professional dancer, alongside Maddie Ingoldsby, Mark Karmalita, Lethabo Monametsi and her competitive dance partner Cristian Priori. Following the announcement, Isaeva said: "I've been living and breathing dance for as long as I can remember, so joining the Strictly Come Dancing family is a true honour. The thought of learning from and sharing this experience with such extraordinary dancers, choreographers and the whole Strictly family still gives me goosebumps. I can't wait to pour my whole heart into every performance, inspire others and be inspired along the way!".
The 2026 Marshall Thundering Herd football team will represent Marshall University in the Sun Belt Conference's East Division during the 2026 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Thundering Herd will be led by Tony Gibson in his second year as the head coach. The Thundering Herd play their home games at the Joan C. Edwards Stadium, located in Huntington, West Virginia.
Quarterback Carlos Del Rio-Wilson was named the Preseason Offensive Player of the Year. Quarterback Carlos Del Rio-Wilson, tight end Toby Payne, wide receiver Adrian Norton, offensive linemen Jalen Slappy and Tariq Montgomery, and defensive back Daytione Smith were awarded to be in the preseason All-Sun Belt first team offensive and defensive teams, respectively. Defensive end Braydin Ward, linebacker Javae Gilmore, and return specialist Xayvion Turner-Bradshaw were awarded to be in the preseason All-Sun Belt second team defense and special teams, respectively.
The 1978 Texas State Treasurer election was held on November 7, 1978, to elect the Texas State Treasurer. The primary election was held on May 6, 1978. Democratic incumbent Warren Harding won a contested primary narrowly avoiding a runoff election against former Texas A&M quarterback Harry Ledbetter. At the time Texas, like other Southern States, was dominated by the Democratic party and winning the primary was tantamount to winning the general election. Following this pattern, Harding went on to win the general election facing only minor opposition.
The long-time incumbent of the office, Jesse James, passed away in 1977, after having served as State Treasurer for almost 36 years. Governor Dolph Briscoe appointed the Treasurer of Dallas County Warren G. Harding, no relation to the President of the same name, to fill the vacancy. Harding had previously run for the seat before in 1956, but had lost the primary to James.
1 Kingsway formerly known as Shell Corner is an office block in Aldwych, London. Together with 61 Kingsway it forms the southern gateway of the Kingsway.
The Aldwych and Kingsway were together part of a large metropolitan redevelopment scheme by the London County Council. Aldwych forming a crescent in the south connects to Kingsway, a large avenue bounded by a number of large Edwardian office blocks.
Shell Corner and its parallel, nearly symmetrically designed 61 Kingsway would form the southern terminus of the new road. Both were designed before the First World War but construction would only begin on Shell Corner, the western block, following the war. It would be completed in 1922 by Trehearne and Norman, behind a number of blocks on Kingsway, with Thomas Tait the main architect.
The 2026 President's Cup was a professional tennis tournament played on outdoor hard courts. It was the 21st edition of the men's tournament which was part of the 2026 ATP Challenger Tour, and the 17th edition of the women's tournament which was part of the 2026 ITF Women's World Tennis Tour. It took place in Astana, Kazakhstan between 10 and 16 August 2026.
Michael Geerts and Tim Rühl were the defending champions but only Rühl chose to defend his title, partnering Mick Veldheer. They lost in the semifinals to Niels McDonald and Jannik Opitz.
The 2025 Italy Major (officially 2025 Premier Padel BNL Italy Major) was the tenth tournament of the fourth season organized by Premier Padel, the premier padel circuit, promoted by the International Padel Federation, and with the financial backing of Nasser Al-Khelaïfi's Qatar Sports Investments.
In the women's category, the number 1 and number 2 ranked pairs from the FIP faced each other in the final for the sixth time. Delfina Brea and Gemma Triay defeated Ariana Sánchez and Paula Josemaría for the fourth time, thereby securing their fifth title of 2025.
In the men's category, the top two ranked pairs both reached the final, setting up the third 'SuperClásico' of 2025. In the title match, world number 2s Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto defeated Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello in straight sets, claiming their fourth title of the season.
Sara Errani, an Olympic doubles champion at the 2024 Summer Olympics, competed alongside Giulia Dal Pozzo (ranked No. 100) in the Rome Major thanks to a wild card. Having previously competed, earlier this year participating in the FIP Silver tournament in Melbourne (reaching the Round of 16) and the FIP Gold in Dubai (Round of 32), she had accumulated 13 ranking points and reached the 450th position.
With the victory in the finals, Alejandro Galán and Federico Chingotto ended a losing streak against Agustín Tapia and Arturo Coello, which include nine consecutive finals and 343 days during which they had failed to beat the world number ones. With this result, the head-to-head record since Chingotto and Galán teamed up now stands at 12–6 in favor of the duo from Catamarca and Valladolid.
With the victory alongside Delfina Brea at the Italy Major, Gemma Triay once again secured the top spot in the FIP rankings, a position she reclaimed after more than two years, though she held it for only a week before losing it to Ariana Sanchéz and Paula Josemaria following their success at the Buenos Aires P1.
The 2026–27 CAF Confederation Cup, officially the TotalEnergies CAF Confederation Cup for sponsorship purposes, will be the 24th edition of the CAF Confederation Cup and the 52nd overall season of Africa's secondary club football tournament organized by the Confederation of African Football (CAF).
The winners of this edition of the competition will earned the right to play against the winners of the 2026–27 CAF Champions League in the 2027 CAF Super Cup.
All 54 CAF member associations may enter the CAF Confederation Cup, with the 12 highest ranked associations according to the CAF 5-year ranking eligible to enter two teams in the competition. As a result, a maximum of 68 teams could enter the tournament – although this level has never been reached.
For this season's edition, CAF used the 2021–2026 CAF 5-year ranking, which calculates points for each entrant association based on their clubs performance over the 5 years in the CAF club competitions. The criteria for the points are as follows:
The 150 members of the Chamber of Representatives are elected in 11 multi-member constituencies, being the 10 provinces and Brussels, with between 4 and 24 seats. Seats are allocated using the D'Hondt method, with an electoral threshold of 5% per constituency.
The 60-member Senate is composed of 50 representatives from the regional and community parliaments, plus 10 co-opted senators proportionally divided among parties based on the result of the federal election.
The 2025–26 Mercer Bears women's basketball team represented Mercer University during the 2025–26 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Bears, led by second-year head coach Michelle Clark-Heard, played their home games at Hawkins Arena in Macon, Georgia as members of the Southern Conference (SoCon).
The Bears finished the 2024–25 season 8–22, 3–11 in SoCon play, to finish in a tie for seventh (last) place. They were defeated by Chattanooga in the quarterfinals of the SoCon tournament.
79 Low Petergate is a Grade II* listed building on Low Petergate in the city of York, England. Dating from the early 15th century, it was originally built as a house and has been altered extensively over time, including the addition of a later front and an extension into a 16th‑century rear range shared with Nos. 73, 75 and 77. The building is now occupied by a gift and souvenir shop.
Originally built as a house in the early 15th century, the building has since undergone major alterations and was given a new front at a later date. It was extended into a 16th‑century rear range shared with 73, 75 and 77 Low Petergate, and the shopfront was altered in the 19th century. It was formerly known as 49 Low Petergate.
On 14 June 1954, 79 Low Petergate was designated a Grade II* listed building, and in 1968 the site was included within the newly designated Central Historic Core conservation area. It stands next to No. 81, which is also listed at Grade II*. No. 79 is now occupied by a gift and souvenir shop.
The front section of the building is two bays deep and linked by a short passage to a one‑bay extension. Both parts are timber‑framed; the main block has stucco on its front and rear walls, while the extension is finished in rendered brick. The roof is covered with pantiles and has a brick chimney, and the ground floor contains a timber shopfront.
The building has three storeys and an attic, with a single gabled front and jettied upper floors. The shopfront is set between decorative pilasters and has angled plate‑glass windows flanking a glazed, panelled door. The first floor has a canted oriel window with a 16‑pane sash, the second floor a 20‑pane sash, and the attic two fixed four‑pane lights. A rainwater head shaped as a winged cherub and dated 1763 is fixed to the left side.
At the rear, the main block has a gabled end with its timber truss visible. The extension behind it is also gabled and has two storeys and an attic, with a modern door and a four‑pane sash at ground level, a 16‑pane sash above, and a nine‑pane fixed light in the attic.
The building shows exposed structural timber in various places across all floors. On the ground floor, the shop contains a hearth with a timber beam above it, and the rear room has a fireplace with a timber lintel.
On the first floor, the landing has a staircase balustrade with thick turned balusters, a column‑shaped newel and a curved moulded handrail. The rear room contains a fireplace with a decorated basket grate set in a plain surround with a moulded shelf.
The second floor has a similar fireplace, fitted with a later round‑headed grate. In the attic, part of the crown‑post truss remains visible in the front wall, the next truss has been altered, and a large brick firehood survives.
The Apasiacae or Apasiacans (Greek: Ἀπασιάχαι) were a nomadic tribe belonging to the Scythian Massagetae. They are known only from Greek and Roman sources, and are unattested in surviving Iranian texts. Ancient authors place them in Central Asia, between the Oxus and the Tanais, generally understood in this context as the Jaxartes.
The etymology of the tribal name remains uncertain. Earlier proposals deriving the name from the Iranian Āpa-sakā (“Water Sakas”) and Āpa-šyā-ka- have been rejected by modern scholarship on linguistic grounds.
Stephanus of Byzantium described the Apasiacans as a Massagetae people. Various scholars have proposed identifying them with the Paesici, Pestici, or Pasikai mentioned by Pliny the Elder, Pomponius Mela, and Ptolemy, respectively, but these identifications remain conjectural.
Polybius describes the Apasiacans in connection with the campaigns of Antiochus III, preserving traditions about how they crossed the Oxus into Hyrcania with their horses. He records two explanations: one involving difficult crossings through steep river valleys, and another describing subterranean channels beneath the river that allegedly allowed mounted passage. Modern scholars generally regard the latter account as legendary.
According to Strabo, after the Seleucid campaign against Parthia in the late 3rd century BC, Arsaces I took refuge amongst the Apasiacans, following the Seleucid counteroffensive. Some scholars have suggested that the Attasioi mentioned in connection with Spitamenes’ resistance to Alexander the Great represent the same people under a corrupted name, although this identification remains uncertain.
The 2026–27 Iowa State Cyclones women's basketball team will represent Iowa State University during the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Cyclones, led by thirty-second year head coach Bill Fennelly, will play their home games at the Hilton Coliseum in Ames, Iowa as a member of the Big 12 Conference.
The Cyclones finished the 2025–26 season 22–10 overall and 10–8 in Big Ten play, to finish in a tie for seventh in the conference along with BYU. As the No. 7 seed in the Big 12 tournament, they earned a double-bye to the quarterfinals, where they lost 68–77 to No. 10 Arizona State.
Following their tournament elimination, the Cyclones earned an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament, where they were the No. 8 seed in the Fort Worth #1 Regional. They lost in the first round to No. 9 Syracuse.
Andrea Johnson (born 24 August 1970) is a South African advocate and prosecutor who served as the head of the Investigating Directorate Against Corruption (IDAC), a specialised anti-corruption directorate within the National Prosecuting Authority (NPA). She was appointed by President Cyril Ramaphosa with effect from 1 March 2022 to succeed Advocate Hermione Cronje as head of the Investigating Directorate.
In 2026, Johnson became the subject of public scrutiny after appearing before the Judicial Commission of Inquiry into Criminality, Political Interference and Corruption in the Criminal Justice System, Madlanga Commission, where allegations were made concerning her conduct while serving as head of IDAC. She denied wrongdoing and resigned as Investigating Director in July 2026.
Johnson attended Roseville Secondary School in Umzinto, KwaZulu-Natal province of South Africa. She obtained a B Iuris degree in 1993 and an LLB degree in 1995 from the University of Durban-Westville. In 2007 she completed a Diploma in Criminal Justice and Forensic Auditing.
Johnson joined the prosecutorial service in 1996. She prosecuted matters in district, regional, and high courts before joining the Directorate of Special Operations (Scorpions) in 1999.
During her time with the Scorpions she worked on investigations involving organiszd crime, commercial crime, and corruption. She formed part of prosecution teams involved in several high-profile matters, including investigations involving Brett Kebble,the disgraced former police chief Jackie Selebi, Solly Lazarus and the prosecution of Oscar Pistorius.
Following the disbandment of the Scorpions, Johnson continued her career within the National Prosecuting Authority. She later served as Acting Special Director of the Priority Crimes Litigation Unit and coordinated the NPA Organised Crime Component.
On 28 February 2022 President Cyril Ramaphosa announced Johnson's appointment as Head of the Investigating Directorate of the National Prosecuting Authority. According to The Presidency, she was appointed following the recommendation of National Director of Public Prosecutions Shamila Batohi and brought more than 25 years of prosecutorial experience to the role. The Investigating Directorate was responsible for investigating and prosecuting serious corruption, organized crime, and offenses arising from allegations of state capture. In 2024, legislative amendments established the permanent Investigating Directorate Against Corruption (IDAC), with Johnson continuing as its head.
In 2026, Johnson appeared before the Madlanga Commission, a Judicial Commission of Inquiry into Criminality, Political Interference, and Corruption in the Criminal Justice System, chaired by Acting Deputy Chief Justice Mbuyiseli Madlanga. The Commission heard evidence from former Crime Intelligence official Colonel Kobus Roelofse, who alleged that Johnson had disclosed confidential information concerning an assault investigation involving Major General Feroz Khan before investigators had interviewed him. Roelofse further alleged that Johnson intervened in matters involving Khan and frustrated certain investigations. These allegations formed part of the evidence presented to the commission and had not been judicially determined.
During her testimony, Johnson denied improperly interfering in investigations or attempting to shield Khan from criminal prosecution. She testified that she had acted lawfully throughout her tenure and rejected suggestions that she had abused her office. Johnson acknowledged before the Commission that she and Khan had maintained a close personal relationship over several years. In one of their chats on WhatsApp, Khan calls Johnson " Hi gorgeous . Johnson described their relationship as a "very deep" one and confirmed that they had communicated frequently outside official duties. She denied, however, that the relationship had influenced prosecutorial decisions or the work of the Investigating Directorate. Johnson further testified that she distanced herself from Khan after allegations concerning his conduct emerged.
While giving evidence, Johnson invoked her constitutional right against self-incrimination in response to some questions after being informed that the National Prosecuting Authority was considering whether criminal proceedings might be instituted against her. She nevertheless continued to answer questions on other aspects of her tenure.
The commission also heard evidence concerning decisions relating to investigations into alleged corruption within Crime Intelligence and the handling of dockets involving senior police officials. Johnson was further implicated by Drushanta Ramsamy for lying to the commission and covering up.
The 2026 Providence mayoral election will be held on November 3, 2026. Incumbent Democratic mayor Brett Smiley is running for re-election to a second term in office.
The 2026–27 Texas Tech Lady Raiders basketball team will represent Texas Tech University for the 2026–27 NCAA Division I women's basketball season. The Lady Raiders will be led by seventh-year head coach Krista Gerlich, and will play their home games at the United Supermarkets Arena in Lubbock, Texas as a member of the Big 12 Conference.
The Lady Raiders finished the 2025–26 season with their best record in over twenty years, going 26–8 overall and 12–6 in Big 12 play, to finish in a tie for fifth in the conference along with Oklahoma State. The team also earned their best start in program history, going 19–0, 13–0 in non-conference play and winning their first six Big 12 games, before losing to Kansas State. On December 23, 2025, The Lady Raiders were ranked for the first time in the Associated Press poll since 2012, coming in at No. 21.
As the No. 5 seed in the Big 12 tournament, they were upset by No. 12 Kansas State 51–58, in the second round. Following the tournament elimination, the Lady Raiders earned an at-large bid to the NCAA tournament, making it their first appearance since 2013. They were seeded No. 7 in the Sacramento #2 Regional, where they defeated No. 10 Villanova 57–52 in the first round before suffering a 47–101 loss to No. 2 LSU in the second round to end their season.
The 2026 Men's Volleyball Copa Sudamericana is the second edition of the Men's Volleyball Copa Sudamericana, the annual second-tier international volleyball competition organised by the Confederación Sudamericana de Voleibol (CSV) for men's national teams of South America. It was held in Cochabamba, Bolivia from 5 to 9 August 2026 and it was co-organized by the Bolivian Volleyball Federation and the Club Olympic.
The tournament served as qualifiers for other two international competitions. The top four teams—other than Brazil and Argentina—qualified for the 2026 Men's South American Volleyball Championship in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil, while Brazil and Argentina qualified automatically as the hosts and the top-ranked team in the FIVB Men's World Ranking (aside from Brazil), respectively. The top team—other than Peru and Brazil—qualified for the 2027 Pan American Games men's volleyball tournament in Lima, Peru, while Peru and Brazil qualified automatically as the hosts and the 2025 Junior Pan American Games men's volleyball tournament champions, respectively.
Argentina won their first Copa Sudamericana title by beating runners-up and defending champion Brazil 3–2 in the final. Colombia defeated Chile 3–0 in the third-place match. Colombia, Chile, Bolivia and Venezuela qualified for the 2026 Men's South American Championship, with Argentina also qualifying for the 2027 Pan American Games men's volleyball tournament.
In April 2026, Bernardo Pavisic, president of the Club Olympic announced Cochabamba, Bolivia as the host city for the tournament, which was confirmed by the CSV in June 2026.
Both Brazil and Argentina decided to send an alternate team made up of a mix of senior players and several youth players, since their main teams had just competed in the 2026 FIVB Men's Volleyball Nations League.
The competition format consisted of a two groups of four teams each, which were played on a single round-robin basis in the preliminary round. The group standing procedure was as follows:
If the tie continues between two teams: result of the last match between the tied teams. If the tie continues between three or more teams: a new classification would be made taking into consideration only the matches involving the teams in question.
Once the preliminary round is completed, the top two teams in each group advance to the semi-finals, while the third and fourth placed teams advanced to the semi-finals for 5th to 8th places. The winners of the semi-finals advance to the final to define the champions while the losers of the semi-finals decide third and fourth place. Winners of the 5th to 8th semi-finals play for the fifth and sixth place while losers play for seventh and eighth place.
The 2026 James Madison Dukes football team will represent James Madison University in the Sun Belt Conference's East Division during the 2026 NCAA Division I FBS football season. The Dukes are led by Billy Napier in his first season as the head coach. The Dukes play their home games at the Bridgeforth Stadium, located in Harrisonburg, Virginia.
The Indian bureaucracy faces persistent slowness, procedural complexity, and multi-layered approvals required under various laws and rules. Apart from the delay in citizen-facing services, governments in India face delays in projects initiated by themselves. The phenomena are largely attributed to the legacy of the colonial-era administrative apparatus and post-independence “Licence Raj”, which continues to impact citizens and businesses. Successive governments in India have pursued strategies to reduce administrative delays with mixed results. The subject has been studied from several perspectives: economists have measured its costs in lost outputs and investment, political scientists and anthropologists have examined its social and distributive effects, and public-choice theorists have examined the incentive structures that sustain it.
India's bureaucratic framework is rooted in the administrative and legal institutions established under the British Raj. Anthropologist Bernard S. Cohn has argued that colonial law functioned not merely as an instrument of order but as “a cultural project of knowledge and power” through which the colonial state redefined Indian society and legitimised its rule. After independence, India kept the colonial structure of the state largely intact, including civil-service structures that had primarily been designed for revenue extraction and control rather than for facilitating commerce or providing services to citizens.
After independence, India adopted a state-led development model that included an extensive licencing regime, commonly called the “icence Raj”. The system required government permits for firms to start, expand, or diversify production with authorities in charge of allocating capacity, foreign exchange, and import quotas. Economists have argued that the government policies from the mid-1950s led to the balance-of-payment crisis in July 1991.
Licence raj in India was substantially—though not completely—dismantled following the 1991 crisis. In July 1991, the Congress government, led by P. V. Narasimha Rao and the then finance minister Manmohan Singh abolished industrial licensing for most sectors. Despite reforms, many licencing and inspection requirements persist at the state and municipal level, in addition to accumulated regulations in multiple sectors.
Sociologist Max Weber's model of an “ideal-type” administrative apparatus—characterised by formal selection, hierarchy, written rules, specialisation, impersonality, and authority vested in the office rather than the office-holder—has been compared and analysed by several scholars. The focus of these studies tends to be measuring the gap between formal written rules and the day-to-day practices of Indian bureaucracy.
Anthropologists have offered ethnographic accounts for bureaucratic delays, noting that delays and dysfunction in the delivery of basic entitlements are a form of “structural violence” against the poor, regardless of the intentions to reach this outcome.
Public choice theorists have argued that bureaucratic delays result from rational actors expending real resources. As a licence, permit, or quota could give a competitive advantage to an individual or firm, officials who control access to them have an incentive to extract value from individuals and firms that seek the privilege. Thus, delay is used as a pressure tactic to extract higher rents. In this perspective, bureaucratic delays are not byproducts but structural features that increase the bargaining power of the officials.
Economist Lant Pritchett has popularised the description of India as a “flailing state”, in which highly capable political and administrative “head” could ensure fair elections, conduct nuclear tests, and launch interplanetary missions, but remains disconnected from the “arms and legs” of routine implementation, such as issuing a driving licence, providing basic services, policing, etc. As the state is unable to control the implementation machinery for policies, delay becomes a routine issue. It has also been argued that administrative delays and dysfunction stem from “premature imitation,” described as the transplantation of a complex, discretionary-heavy regulatory framework, similar to that of developed countries without adequate state capacity.
Administrative delays in India manifest themselves both in obtaining general government services and in essential government functions and projects. The sub-indicator in the Rule of Law Index 2025 in the 'regulatory enforcement' category—“administrative proceedings are conducted without unreasonable delay”—ranks India 0.4 out of 1. Making the country rank 98 out of 143 countries on this parameter.
The Indian judiciary is notorious for delays, the National Judicial Data Grid shows over 5 crore pending cases in local courts in India. The pendency is High Courts is close to 65 lakh cases. As of August 2026, there are over 10,000 cases pending in the Supreme Court of India that are older than 10 years. Across high courts, over 80,000 cases have been pending for over 30 years.
According to the 486th Flash Report on central sector infrastructure projects costing over ₹150 crore (US$16 million), published by the Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation (MoSPI) in April 2026, infrastructure projects worth ₹42 lakh crore (US$440 billion) are running behind schedule. In July 2026, Hideki Makihara, a former Japanese minister, blamed Indian authorities for delays in completing India's high-speed rail corridor backed by funding from Japan—the largest donor of bilateral aid to India. India's Ministry of External Affairs dismissed the criticism as an "individual opinion" that differed from "facts".
In July 2026, private airport operators alleged that the Bureau of Civil Aviation Security (BCAS) was taking considerable time to process security vetting, ranging from one week to the longest time of 802 days to approve the creation of a central kitchen at Terminal 2 of Bengaluru's Kempegowda International Airport. In August 2026, the Indian Express reported that Elon Musk's Starlink received an operator licence from the Department of Telecommunications three years after the application. Delays in statutory clearances and right-of-way acquisitions are considered major hurdles in India's energy transition.
MoSPI, in an April 2026 report, noted that the delays across 1,981 large infrastructure projects, defined as projects worth ₹150 crore (US$16 million) or more, would cost the government ₹5.66 lakh crore (US$59 billion) more than the original sanctioned cost, with the highest cost increase of 447% in the Polavaram irrigation project on the Godavari River in Andhra Pradesh. An association representing 14 private airport owners complained that BCAS delays were affecting project implementation schedules. In April 2026, Reuters reported that Indian banks had halted imports of silver and gold because of delays in obtaining government clearance, leaving tons of precious metals stuck at customs and threatening supply shortages.
Inordinate delays in the criminal trial process in India affect the fundamental rights of under-trial prisoners, who are incarcerated but have not been formally convicted by a court of law. According to the National Crime Records Bureau, 73% of India's prison population comprises undertrial prisoners, and two-thirds of them belong to scheduled caste, scheduled tribe or other backward communities. Over 60% of 3,71,000 undertrial prisoners have completed only secondary education, and over 30,000 have been imprisoned for over 3 years without trial.
Alfredo Ríos Meza (24 August 1932 – 1 February 2019), nicknamed "Yaqui", was a Mexican professional baseball infielder and manager. As a player, he spent his entire career in Mexico, playing in the Mexican League and the Mexican Pacific League. Ríos represented Mexico at the 1954 Central American and Caribbean Games, where the team won the silver medal. He was enshrined into the Mexican Professional Baseball Hall of Fame in 1990.
Ríos was born on 24 August 1932 in the Punta Arena neighborhood of Guaymas, Sonora, Mexico. He represented Sonora at the 1952 Juegos de la Revolución and the 1953 National Championship, where the team won the championship.
In 1953, he was selected to represent Mexico at the 1953 Amateur World Series, where he set a record by handling 51 consecutive chances without committing an error. In 1954, he participated in the 1954 Central American and Caribbean Games in Mexico City, where the Mexican team won the silver medal behind Venezuela.
Ríos was nicknamed "Yaqui" because he frequently spent time with children from the Yaqui indigenous community, a nickname he embraced throughout his career as a reflection of his pride in his native Sonora.
In 1954, Ríos made his professional debut with the Mineros de Cananea of the Arizona–Mexico League, where he spent two seasons, appearing in a total of 209 games.
In 1956, Ríos made his Mexican League (LMB) debut with the Sultanes de Monterrey, with whom he played 12 seasons through 1966 and won the league championship in 1962. He joined the Diablos Rojos del México in 1967, playing three seasons with the club and winning a second LMB championship in 1968. In 1907 he was transferred to Unión Laguna.
On 19 August 1970, Ríos recorded his 2,000th career hit while playing for the Algodoneros against the Sultanes de Monterrey. He became the second player to reach the milestone, after Moisés Camacho, who had achieved it earlier that season.
He played his last LMB season with the Tigres de México in 1971. In 16 Mexican League seasons, he compiled a .290 batting average with 46 home runs, 715 runs batted in, and 900 runs scored in 1,860 games.
Ríos made his debut in the Pacific Coast League, the predecessor of the Mexican Pacific League (LMP), with the Venados de Mazatlán in 1945 and was named the league's Rookie of the Year. He next appears in LMP records with the Ostioneros de Guaymas, with whom he played from 1958 to 1965, winning league championships in 1959, 1960, 1963, and 1965.
He spent the 1965–66 season with the Yaquis de Obregón, helping the club win the 1966 championship, and split the 1966–67 season between the Cañeros de Los Mochis and Guaymas. Ríos then remained with the Ostioneros through the 1971 season, winning a fifth championship with the club in 1967 before retiring.
Ríos made his managerial debut managing the Águilas de Mexicali during the 1984–85 Mexican Pacific League season. He subsequently managed in the Mexican League, leading the Acereros de Monclova in 1986 and 1987, the Algodoneros de Unión Laguna in 1988, returning to the Acereros in 1989, the Rieleros de Aguascalientes in 1991, and the Saraperos de Saltillo from 1992 to 1993.
Ríos was inducted into the Mexican Professional Baseball Hall of Fame as part of the class of 1990 alongside outfielder Ramón Montoya, umpire Amado Maestri, journalist Tomás Morales, and executive Alfonso Robinson Bours.
The men's 4 × 400 metres relay at the 2026 European Athletics Championships took place over two rounds at the Alexander Stadium in Birmingham, United Kingdom, on 14 and 16 August 2026.
For the men's 4 × 400 metres relay, the qualification period is from 1 January 2025 to 26 July 2026. The qualification procedure will be based on the aggregate of the two fastest times achieved by national teams in the qualification period. For being ranked, the results of relay races shall be valid only on condition that they are part of a competition staged in compliance with World Athletics Rules (and included into World Athletics Global Calendar) and that at least 2 international teams, representing at least 2 countries compete in the race. A total of 16 national teams can compete in the event. Host nation Great Britain has the right to be represented with one national team in the event. If they wish to participate and are not qualified as indicated above, the number of national teams to qualify will be reduced to 15.
Round 1 was held on 14 August 2026, at 11:05 in the morning. First 3 in each heat (Q) and the next 2 fastest (q) advanced to the final.